STRANGE BUT WICKED HOT REQUEST AT THE BEACH For about 4 years, I was dating this woman, we'll call her Lori, who, was in and out of a lot of depression, with some other stuff. Of course, at that time, so was I, so we made sure we understood each other, most of the time. It ended badly, but there were some great instances of great sex. The story I'm about to tell you happened after we broke up. I'll get to that. First, let me describe us. First Lori. At the time I was seeing her, she was around 54 years old, around 5 foot 8 inches tall, blonde hair, blue eyes ,around 140 pounds, and the best part for me at least, she had fucking incredible tits. They were 44DD tits with huge areolas, my favorite combination. Like some women, when she wanted something from me, like attention or even a couple of times, money...…She knew when it was time to pour it on sexually. Now, me. I'm 6 foot 2 inches, around 230 pounds gray hair, blue eyes, and what I would call an average cock. Nothing to really brag about. But I managed to have a lot of fun up to and including my 60th birthday. I always seemed to have the sexual drive of a 30-year-old. I really get off eating a woman to climax. And Lori had never trusted a man enough to let that happen, until I came along. So, after 4 years, we broke up. We hadn't seen each other for over a year. I had discovered a small state park near me with a nice lake that hadn't been overrun with kids. I remembered Lori loved small freshwater beaches, so, out of thin air, I texted her to meet me at this state park, promising her no foolishness or bad feelings. We could just lay on the beach for a couple of hours and chat and then part ways. I never thought she'd agree but in about 20 minutes she texted back she would meet me there. So, here I was, in my bathing suit lying on a blanket, thinking she wouldn't show up. I felt something dripping on me and looked up over my head and there she was, in my favorite high hipped one-piece bathing suit with her tits 

I look around the party, wondering how much longer I need to stay here. I came with my friend Valerie, but she wandered off and was swapping spit with a guy that she met twenty minutes ago. Chad? He looked like a Chad. A man wearing jeans and a button down dress shirt walks up to me. He’s cute, with a swimmer’s build and standing around six feet. I look up at his eyes, and see that they’re a beautiful color of blue. His hair is a slightly shaggy, just got out of bed look that he probably spent an hour perfecting. I’m no slouch, but guys like him don’t usually pay attention to girls like me. I’m 5’ 4”, with shoulder length brown hair and a gymnast’s build. I used to do gymnastics, but my breasts grew a little too large to keep going after I graduated high school. He smiles at me, and it seems to brighten the room a little. “You look how I feel,” he says with a smirk. “Keith,” he adds, extending a hand. I smile back. “Alexa,” I reply, taking his hand briefly. “Good to meet you. My friends all seem to have become otherwise occupied,” he nods to a group of guys all dancing with girls, “and I was hoping to find someone to partner with me for beer pong. Interested?” “Um, I’m not a huge drinker,” I say hesitantly, looking around for Valerie. “That’s ok, I can drink your cups, if you’d like. I’d settle for making a friend.” I’m not sure about this, but his friendliness wins me over after a moment’s consideration. “Well… sure then.” “Cool, the table is set up in the basement,” he says, heading towards the stairway in the kitchen. Softer music drifts up from a stereo somewhere down there, though it’s difficult to hear over the loud music on the first floor. I follow him down, watching my step on the wooden stairs. “So how do you know Dan?” I ask. “He cheats off me in chem,” he says with a laugh. The sounds of the party upstairs are mostly muffled now as he opens a door on the side of a hallway and gestures for me to head in. The secondary music wafts out a little louder. I st

So, my best friend (who's name will be withheld) has this fucking hot sister. I mean super model type, even though she's 14. And she can hold her own on the sports field. She's the perfect girl. But she's my best friends sister, so she's off limits. When I would hang out with my friend, she would be there, doing whatever we were doing. I wasn't sure, but it seemed like she liked me. She would always try to tackle me in football, and defended me in soccer. She laughed at all my jokes, and had too much fun when we played video games together. So after months of thinking about it, I decided not to ask her out. My friendship with the guy is worth more to me than a girl. Right about now, I'm sure your thinking "If he didn't ask the bitch out, why the fuck is he writing about this?!?!" Well, I'll tell you why. So, one day, me, my best friend and his sister were playing run the bases (it's like cricket; there are 2 bases, and 2 catchers. The catchers try to tag the runners with a baseball as they try to get from base to base). My best friend had to go to the bathroom, so it was just me and his hot sister. She wanted to practice tagging out sliding runners, so we practiced. After a couple attempts, she accidentally stepped in front of me as I was sliding feet-first into the base. Unable to stop or move out of the way in time, I knocked her on top of me. When the dust cleared, and we had our senses back, we both realized how we were; she was laying on top of me, with our faces an inch apart. I could smell and feel the sweet sweat coming off of her. Damn, even her sweat is sexy! Anyway, in that moment, she leaned her head in, and so did I, and we kissed. It was just for a second or 2, but it was wonderful none the less. So, just after the kiss, and as the girl is rolling off of me and getting up, her brother comes out and says "Fucking Christ! That was a dousey of a twosey". We all laugh, and while we were laughing, we looked at each other, as if to say "he can never know" So

The friend in Paris is Harry. Harry Hargrove, photographer. Young, beautiful women come to Harry’s studio to have their portrait taken, but while there, one thing leads to another, and randy Harry’s life becomes one big Parisian orgy. Before internet porn, before porn videos, before porn movies, people lusting for raunchy, X-rated entertainment read pornographic books and magazines. Victorian and Edwardian England had its own adult entertainment industry – countless erotic novels were put out by shady publishers, some books were printed by the authors themselves, and most of the writers were anonymous. Many of these 19th-century books are surprisingly kinky, and some of them may be quite offensive to modern-day readers – in more ways than one. The anonymously written ”Letters from a Friend in Paris” was first published in 1874. This novel is a great example of Victorian erotica. -------------------- LETTER 3 After the scene last described I passed a very restless night, in which I studiously avoided any sort of pressure on my unruly organ. Next morning I was in a sad state of burning desire. I sat before the fire, finishing the picture of Tom for Louisa and then she came, looking more beautiful than ever, with a certain languid air, which made me suppose that she too had passed a restless night after our exciting work yesterday morning and my detailed de***********ions of the delights the sexes could give each other. When she had laid aside her bonnet and shawl, I clasped her in my arms, and gave her a most loving and long embrace, which she warmly returned. I pushed my tongue into her sweet mouth, and said, ‘Oh, return me the favour.’ She darted her dear little tongue in immediately, and I sucked it deliciously, pressing her loving bosom with one hand, while the other wandered over the wide expanse of her glorious and marble-like buttocks, pressing my body against hers, so that she could feel the stiff projection that was throbbing in my trousers. She smiled as I h

After last nights fun, today was going to be a slack day, Grant and Jim, had been making phone calls and getting as many guys as they knew together, Liz was also coming tonight, I looked forward to playing with her again, most of the day we spent resting ready for tonight. Jim rang and said one of the guys he contacted might have a surprise for us. Also Grant said Mark was able to come along tonight as well, and would be bringing some one too. Rick came around mid afternoon, and used our douche, cleaning himself out, we had already got prepared, and it didn’t take long for Rick to eat my pussy and give me a good orgasm, as he did Grant slipped behind him and fucked his butt, before they turned me over and filled both my holes with cocks, Rick lay down and Grant slipped easily into my arse, his cock going fully home, both enjoyed my body for awhile, then Rick slipped out and pulled Grant around, slipping his cock deep in his arse, opening him up for the day, as I sucked Grant’s cock. It was then that Andy, Ricks dad came in, and stripped of, quickly joining in the fun with us. He popped his cock firmly up my arse to start with, then after awhile said lets dp Grant, as he and Rick pushed deep inside Grants butt, my pussy above Grants mouth keeping me happy. After some 20 mintes or so, both guys let out a goan and flooded Grant's butt with hot cum, I went down and ate his hole licking away the free running juices. Around 6 we all took a bit of time out to double check our internal preparations, and got dressed, I wore a see thought dress, and heels nothing else, the boys just shorts and shirts, knowing as soon as we got to Jim's we would be naked in seconds. Then drove to Jims place, taking Prince with us. As before we walked into his games room, and saw a few guys already there, all naked some sucking cock, others waiting for us. I let Prince out the back, and found a nice cock to suck; the boys also began playing. I was taking a couple of guys when more walked in, Gr

[PART ONE] -----The gasp filled the dark hallway of the dimly lit house. Not a soul was inside other than the two which resided within the small bedroom at the end of the hallway. It was a quaint little house nested safely back in the woods, just inside the city limits of Hannisburg. The town wasn't too small, and consisted of mostly larger houses and duplexes, so it was somewhat of an unusual location to place the Evans' household. Not many people had even known that it was there, then again a town like Hannisburg, being back in the Bible-Belt, had an overwhelming number of superstitions flowing amongst the residents. It would be no wonder as to why people avoided those woods, especially after the ghost stories that had taken place there. -----Karly Evans released another loud gasp as she tilted her head back. Her fingertips dug into the sheets of the queen-sized bed and ruffled them, pulling them tightly into her fingers. Her eyes rolled back slowly and she arched her back, pushing forth her hips in attempt to salvage the most of his tongue she could. Swaying gently in the air beneath her nude form was her thick, brunette hair, she shut her eyes tightly, bit her lip, and with a final moan unleashed her womanly passion forth. The sheets were slowly released, and her body relaxed. Softly she dropped back onto the thick, white mattress, panting with a satisfied smile upon her face. -----The ceiling appeared as, perhaps, it was spinning. The fatigue and daze of the near perfect orgasm which she had just experienced gave her a lustrous chill through-out her body. She was in Heaven, but slowly, as time passed, she developed a restorative hunger for sex. Softly strumming her fingertips across her stomach to signal her love forth she parted her legs and braced herself, gazing down into his dark, lustful eyes. Releasing another gasp she reached up and gripped the headboard, adoring the feel of the massive object protruding deep within her womanly enterance. Beginning to sl

It was fine being me. 6-2, 210, benching 240, and wide receiver on the football team did help the social standings. I wrestled the 215 weight class and had one more season to become state champion. My previous competition had graduated, and getting second to the most promising wrestler in the rankings was fine. I took so many classes to beat him, but he still made me look like an idiot. I got so mad, my girlfriend, Danielle, couldn't cheer me up. She almost left me, but knew how competitive I was and stuck through until I apologized to her and took her out to Hibachi. Amber was not drop-dead gorgeous, but you would almost certainly give her a lot of credit. She was 5-5, large B but not quite to C cup, and did volleyball. We would flirt in the halls, and shoved each other around, but were never the constantly kissing couple that could be found during class in the dark corner. Just the quick peck, me feeling her tight ass and getting a slap in the arm for it, and the occasional oral sex with me either sucking or fingering her. Not the “it” couple, but at least once a week, I would be asked when I would go all the way and finally screw Amber. To be honest, I was not comfortable with pre-marital sex, but she was a virgin so the chances of STDs was considerably lower. Plus, she was on birth-control for stomach cramps and I would use a condom unless told otherwise by her. Playing it this way, there was a 99% chance of her not getting pregnant. I got to Amber's house a few minutes early, knowing that she wouldn't be ready. Her parents were not home, so I let myself in. I heard shuffling around in the kitchen and crept as quietly as I could toward the noise. I peeked around and saw Amber with nothing but a towel on. She was painting her nails and had I guess to be a hard time finding the nail polish. There are two entrances into the kitchen, and mine was the one with her back to me. I slowly crept forward and shook her as I screamed in maniacal laughter. It was perfect. She

Chapter Five part 2 Author's note to readers. Nothing about this story is meant to portray any of the characters are under eighteen years of age despite the obvious sexual immaturity of the main characters. Also this story features themes of rape, sexual slavery, bestiality, and incest. It is intended as fantasy and nothing else. If you don't like such stories STOP reading now. Also don't fill up the comments section with comments about how sick individuals in the story are or about people that read or write such stories. Those looking to take some enjoyment out of this tale enjoy. Also due to the story line the names of characters have been changed. To help the reader keep from being confused by these changes here is a listing of the changes so far. Molly is now Brothel Whore 3567-A Megan is now Brothel Whore 3567-B Unnamed twin sister is now Brothel Whore 3569-A Unnamed twin sister is now Brothel Whore 3569-B The stepmother Shannon is now Mistress 3567 Chapter Five Part 2 The twins finally get their turn As soon as the door closed behind them Brothel Whores 3567-A and 3567-B knew what was expected of them. Dropping to their knees in front their customer they looked up at him with the fear clearly visible on their faces. Still their training told them their only purpose is life is to satisfy their owner's desires and for the rest of the weekend this man owned them. "Master may these slave whores have the privilege of sucking your glorious cock?" Even as they said that in unison and he nodded in consent at the same time their customer's slave began to undress him. When his dick was visible they crawled closer and as they took turns licking along his hardening shaft. Once they had him ready they began to take turns taking his cock into their mouths. Brothel Whore 3567-A began to exclusively suck the cock while Brothel Whore 3567-B moved behind him. Taking a quick breath Brothel Whore 3567-B stuck her face between his ass cheeks and began to lick along his ass hole. F

Mom and I I was a spoiled kid, mom gave me just about anything I wanted. I was 16 when her and dad divorced, with dad out of the picture mom really had no one to stop her spoiling me. Mom asked me what I wanted for my 18th birthday, I answered “ Do you really want to know?” Going on I said “I want to make love to you, learn what you like, and learn how to make love to an older woman. Mom didn't seem to taken back by my request she just replied You want me to have sex with you?” “Please Mom, please” I pleated “I would be the best birthday present” “Your asking a lot” She said. “It will just be between you and me, I promise” “Saturday night, that's your birthday” she replied. “Let me think about it, like I said , your asking a lot” “But Mom, I love you more than any one else has ever loved you, please let me show you how much I love you.” She didn't say anything for a minute then said “Maybe, but no one can never find out” The following Saturday night after she had washed the supper dishes she said, “I'm going to take a shower after my shower what would you like me to wear, or more to the point, how would you like me to wrap your birthday present?” I thought a minute and said “A shelf peek a boo bra, garter belt, crotchless panties, stockings, and of coarse high heels” Mom came into the living room 40 minutes later dressed as I had requested. I knew that wine was a good road to getting her to relax, I handed her a glass of wine from a bottle I had opened while she was taking a shower. “Sit and relax a bit, let me look at you” I said with a big smile on my face. Before sitting down mom stood before me and slowly turned around, the skin tight satin panties accented her beautifully shaped ass. As she turned towards me I could see that she her beautiful pointed tits and her semi hard nipples. Her 36D bust that looked huge because of her 21 inch waist and her rounded 34 inch hips and fantastic ass. I was looking at a woman with a true hourglass figure, and she was my mothe

I stare out the window. It looks really cold outside, like freezing. The bus zooms past trees. I stand up. Aiden is is the back laughing his ass off. I smile. He looks over to me and smiles at me. I freeze and zoom down in my seat. Katy gives me and unsure look. I look back out the window. "So, who were you looking at back there?" She asks scooting up to look over the seat. "Nothing, just checking." I say keeping my eyes out the window. She sits back down behind me. "Yeah, okay." She laughs. I sigh. He is probably going to hang with his friends. I stick a Swedish Fish in my mouth and suck on it. "Can I have one?" A girl asks from in front of us. "Sure." I say handing her one. "Oh BTW he totally likes you." She giggles. My face gets red with embarrassment. "Fuck no." I say under my breath. I put my head on the window but it shocks with pain as the bus bounces. I rub my head. Ouch. I hear cheers. "Were here!" Our teacher says. I get up and jump into the isle. I run into the building because it is so fucking cold! I go upstairs and I set my coat and my backpack down. I look over to Aiden. He picks up a slice of pizza and starts to walk away. "Aiden!" I hear Sidney shriek. He turns at see her running at her. He grunts as she grabs his face and kisses him. WTF? "Hey Sid." He smiles. "Hey bae." She giggles. "Can I walk with you?" I blurt out. He looks over to me. "Sure-" he struggles to say. "But bae you have to walk with me." She pouts. I walk over to him. We start walking down the stairs as my shoe gets caught on the step or something. I trip and fall down the stairs. He lets go of Sidney's hand and runs towards me. "Are you okay?" He says as he lifts me up. Sidney glances over to me. "Y-yeah I am." I say. We go over to the boot station. I go behind both of them and stand. He has a girlfriend, I never... "Hello?" The man says to me. I jerk upwards and hits Aiden's chin. "Sorry!" I say covering my mouth. He laughs and walks towards a bentch. "I'll have a... 6 please." I 

We have invited another couple to join us. We want to be pleasured by and pleasure both of them. Mary is my age and her obviously bi-sex man, Jimmy, is fifteen-years younger. This situation evolved a few years ago when I taunted my man by telling him I would love to have sex with another man while he watched. “Can you handle that baby?” “Fine by me baby as long as there is no fucking. Oral sex and outer sex only. That leaves lots of options for your sexual pleasure, and mine. You are mine to fuck exclusively. Though another man watching me fucking you would be a huge turn on. Are we on the same page baby?“ “Yes we are. Let’s make it happen. Can you organise a pretty boy, a toy boy type, fifteen or twenty-years younger than us? And make sure he is well hung, you know what I like in a man. I always wanted to play the part of a cougar.” The first time I had a second man while my man watched was very exciting. Just as I asked, he organised a pretty boy, a toy boy type, twenty-years younger than us. I told him I would give him a blow job to remember (I am justly proud of my special skills) after he licked me to orgasm. The power I had over two men as I undressed for them was a real buzz for me. “You do realise my man wants to watch don’t you Brian?,” I told him as I helped him undress and ran my hands over his naked body. “Nice erection, is that for me, or both of us?” At the same time he was watching my man undress down to a sexy black jock strap, then sit on a chair close by. Brian lacked the finesse of my man’s tongue but it was very exciting having a a twenty-year younger man licking me and bringing me to orgasm with his tongue while I watched my man teasing his erection as it poked out of his jock strap. “Your man has a huge, thick cock, must be nine-inches Niki,” Brian moaned as I sat him in our sex chair in front of a mirror, as I knelt and commenced sucking his erection. “And I love the big nipples on your tits. “Your man is teasing me. He is rubbing oil over his

INTRODUCTION I have been interested in dead bodies since I was very young. I have no idea how it started but I enjoy the sight of beautiful dead female corpses. I believe I am what doctors call a necrophiliac though I never had the chance to get near any dead bodies until I was 20. That was when I applied for a job as a mortician in a mortuary near town. It’s been 25 years since I started work as a mortician and I think it’s time I start penning down my memoirs before I forget the details. Or I die myself. You see, I have just been diagnosed with AIDS. I deserve it I suppose. So I guess it’s time to come clean on a few things. Over the years, I can say that I have made the grief of death easier to bear for many relatives of my ‘patients’. However, I must also confess that I have done my share of unsavoury things in the course of my work. While I will of course not reveal the names of the deceased, it will not be difficult to infer who they are as many of their deaths were featured in the news. I sincerely hope that I will not hurt anyone by the things I am about to disclose. Many of you may feel disgusted or angry at my actions. However, I stand by what I have done. I am a mortician because I am obsessed with the dead and therefore do the things I did. Do not judge me until you have the chance to stand before a beautiful, unresisting female corpse and not get tempted. NOTE The following stories will feature what I remember of my actions on the corpses. I also get reflective after each case and would compose haikus for each of my customers as a tribute to them and the wonderful memories they have given me. 1. THE JOGGER (1985) Sexy jogging babe Entered by both knife and man Now cold, dead, princess I still remembered my first day of work at the mortuary. It was back in 1985 and I have been given a trial period of 1 month and I was supposed to learn on the job. I was brought to a room to observe the owner of the mortuary himself at work. I shall call him Mr M. He was 

Jessica’s Dangerous Obsession Addicted to Rape by Millie Dynamite Jessica applied her make up carefully. As she administered the final touches, she looked in the mirror studying. Jessica saw her curly platinum blonde hair around a face that was beginning to show her age. She could not believe she was 35 years old. Her blue eyes were no longer as bright as they once were, looking mostly sad. She scanned her body standing up she saw her ass still looking good the slight role around her tummy was a constant reminder she had a weight problem. Those breasts, fat bloated breast she hated them. 38 inch F cup nightmares. Constant backache’s with constant comments by men in the office that she ‘accidentally’ overhears. Men’s eyes would focus on her chest rather than her eyes in conversations. Since the divorce, she became painfully aware that her breast was what holds men’s interest. She fastened the bra and then slid it around. Positioning one of her massive tit’s in a cup then the other. At last, she pulled the straps up over her shoulder. The black lace bra fit tightly looking nice to but she would rather have d or c cup than these monsters. She did not feel feminine rather she felt like they were udders. Quickly putting on her white blouse and black skirt, she pulled her pantyhose in place. Hurrying off to work she drove fast to not be late. Parking as faraway from the building as possible, she looked at the wooded area next to the parking lot. Hearing people in the park just on the other side of the trees, she smiled softly. They were already there having fun, fun what the hell was that! Children laughed, parents yelled out cautions. Parents, a parent something she had never been would never have the pleasure of being. The curse of her existence she could not bare children. “But we can adopt! Steve, do you want to adopt? Or we could have a surrogate bear us a child what do you say do you want to do that?” The discussion lasted for months Steve would withdraw when she wo

my names Murphy i'm 24 years old 5'7" and unfortunately I've always been attracted to young girls i know its wrong but i cant help myself one Saturday afternoon u was in my garage playing pool with the door open to let in some air and to use the light from outside to see. i was just about to sink the eight ball when i saw a little girl with beautiful straight red hair pail white skin wearing a tight black top and tight jeans she had maby a small B cup tits with a small but shapely ass. she saw me looking at her. hi she said hi good afternoon i replied nice pool table can i play? yea sure there is soda in the cooler if your thirsty (pointing to the cooler in the corner) thank you my name is Katrina i'm 18 i'm Murphy nice to meet you she went over to the cooler and bent over i couldn't help but admire that tight ass of hers as she took her little sweet time picking a drink she finally picked a Dr pepper opened it and took a sip rack them up she said as she set down her soda i stopped starring long enough to rack up the balls and handed her a pole cue you break i said Ok (she bends over getting into position giving me another good look at her ass before turning around again) how about we make this a little interesting? for every shot we miss the other gets to ask a question and the person who missed has to answer. who ever makes a ball in can make the other do whatever they want within reason of course. sure why not she turns back around bending over again she gives her ass a little wiggle before making her shot giving my dick a little shock. it was a clean break nothing went in though. Ok ask me a question? said Katrina what do you do for fun besides coming to a strangers house to play pool? i like to swim and tan at the pool at my house. i imagine her naked pool side enjoying the sun my dicks now half erect and growing. taking my shot trying to get the six ball in a corner pocket i make my shot but the six ball bounces off the corner ask away do you have a girlfriend

I was on holidays with my family and my uncle also came along. He was always very quiet and reserved and never had much to do with my sister or myself. One day I heard my parents talking about him and my dad said he was gay and only liked men. Mom said do you think he will touch or do anything to Tony. Dad said no way would he do that. The next day I hadn’t seen my uncle and didn't know where he was and thought he had gone out. My parents went to friends place for the afternoon so I thought this was an ideal opportunity for me to strip off and masturbate in the nude. I then began masturbating in my bedroom. After about five minutes of wanking myself I heard a noise and my uncle had opened my door and had been watching me for how long I didnt know. He closed the door again and walked away. I sang out its ok – you know what I was doing – its ok you can watch if you want. I don’t mind. Then I went down stairs to see if I could find him and he was in the yard. I said hey I don’t mind – I am happy for you to watch – I know all about you. Dont worry I wont tell anybody – come up to my room and we can talk about doing it. Dont worry I wont tell anybody. He said I am so sorry – I didn't know you were home I hadn’t seen you for hours and thought you were out. When your parents went I had an opportunity I thought to have some private time to myself and I wanted to be sure nobody else was home. I said don’t worry – come on up and talk to me – I want to know all about it. I heard dad tell mom you were gay – I think I am too. I have never talked to anybody else about wanking – nobody will admit doing it but I am sure everybody at school does it. When we got to my room he had his clothes in his hand and his cock had gone soft like mine. He was still naked though. I said dad said you were gay – are you? He replied yes I am – I do things with other men I don’t touch girls. Would you masturbate with me – I would enjoy doing it with somebody else. He said if your father and mother ev

It was the end of summer, when the temperatures should have started their annual decline. This year, it was different since the Pacific Northwest was in one of the longest heat waves in it's history. Still, the golden leaves danced in the wind as they fell from their branches, leaving only the evergreens with signs of life. Ashling was more then a little miserable with the heat and sweat. She does enjoy swimming at night or go for her walks but lately, the sun was smothering her. Many enjoyed the heat and sun but she was a Seattle girl, loving the rain and a cool breeze. Tonight was a particularly warm night and she was compelled to leave her bedroom window open, letting the flimsy screen keep the bugs at bay. Her only solace resided in her lack of clothing and the fan pushing a gentle, soothing breeze across her curved form. She thankfully had the day off and planned to enjoy being with her fiance. The day involved many rounds of passionate love-making and more cuddling then she could shake a stick at. The combination of fatigue and heat ensured her a restful night. She felt relatively safe with him downstairs making himself a snack and watching some television before returning to her for the night. She was unaware that she was not alone, for two sets of eyes crept up her near-nude form, basking in her beauty, even seeing a small bump in her stomach. She was three months into her pregnancy, praying that the little one would make it. Her breasts had been slowly growing to firm high C cups.. maybe low D's. Her braided black hair snaked down her chest between her firm mounds. She was always considered beautiful and graceful with one small hang-up. She always covered her upper body or made herself sit in was that concealed the scars across her back and the brand of her former life on the back of her neck. She rarely allowed anyone, even her love to see her shame of her former life. Tonight, she only wore the fishnets from when she surprised her man. The bratva had a pr

The man pulled his car over in the empty space and parallel parked. It was a hot night and he had been riding around the city aimlessly after a fight with his wife. he was in a foul mood, and was - incongruously - horny too! He had spotted the flashing lights of the adult bookstore, and on impulse had gone around the block and was now parked in front. He sat for a few minutes, deciding whether he wanted to go in or not. He had been here a few times before, usually with his friends, to rent a couple of porn movies to watch after the football game. And once he had stopped in to browse, and had noticed people going into the back video arcade. The sign at the doorway indicated that to enter one had to purchase coupons for the video booths first. He had bought the minimum amount and went through the doorway, which was surrounded by flashing red and green lights. The back was dark, lit only by a few dim red bulbs. He walked up the corridor, which was lined with booths. A light above the door of each booth indicated whether or not the booth was occupied; if the light was on, it meant it was occupied. There were signs saying, "NO LOITERING, NO SMOKING," and "ONLY ONE PERSON PER BOOTH." However the presence of several men lurking in the hallways, some of whom were smoking, led the man to believe the rules were not rules at all. As he rounded the corner toward the back he was surprised to see a blonde in a sexy 2 piece bikini and high heels. She was standing against the wall looking at her cell phone, which she put into her clutch purse as soon as she saw him. She smiled at him and asked him if he wanted company. It was then that he had spotted the penis outside of "her" bikini bottom. A tranny! He had shaken his head and walked on. "I'm Keven," the faggot had called after him. "If you change your mind, I'll be out here." He had been disgusted at the thought of the ladyboy, but he found he couldn't get the thought of her out of his mind. Occasionally, while masturbating to on

To: Poppy Pomfrey / School Nurse From: Minerva McGonagall / Deputy Headmistress Re: Ronald Weasley In furtherance to our conversation, I agree that perhaps Ron Weasley is best left sedated until the game is over. His catatonic state of being this morning is not a good indicator that he can watch the game without a complete nervous breakdown. Poor boy. - Minnie To: Lord Voldemort From: Lucius Malfoy Re: Legal Issues My lord, the courts have rejected your claim that Moldiemort robes are a libelous violation of your civil rights. Worse, the Wizard Live Broadcast of the upcoming Gryffindor / Slytherin game has indicated that nearly all spectators are planning to wear the robes in support of their hero, Potter. Further the overhead banner of the announcing booth will have promotional material for the robes alongside "The Naked Quidditch" calendars and a new product that I fear will truly not please you. Something called "Mockeries of a Dark Lord". Again, the courts claim you do not have exclusive rights to the phrase "Dark Lord" and it is a vague enough term for any of history's predominant dark wizards. And, yes, before you ask, I killed the lawyers representing your interest. Lucius Malfoy To: Peter Pettigrew From: Lucius Malfoy Re: Our Master I daresay that he'll start foaming at the mouth anytime now. Watch him closely, Peter. I've got our people organized to run an assault during the game. I'll let you know how it goes before reporting to Him. If things fall apart, give him some calming potion. Lucius Malfoy To: Lucius Malfoy From: Peter Pettigrew Re: Re:Our Master So much for being "Lucky". Our Frothing Lord is intending to lead the assault. Was nice knowing you, Malfoy! Happy trails in hell! PP To: Padfoot From: Moony Re: Game Time Hey, Padfoot - I'm about to Apparate over to Hogsmeade for the game. You up to meeting me outside the Three Broomsticks before heading up to Hogwarts? Moony To: Moony From: Padfoot Re: Re: Game Time Will you give me a bowl of Butterbeer

Susan My niece Susan is now 38-year's old. I have watched her and her two sisters growing up from infancy to womanhood. Although I was always somewhat of a moral degenerate I never tried anything with any of the three girls; all of who were extremely pretty and big breasted. Susan was the oldest. She also was both the tallest and the most slender. Until she married and had three kids of her own she actually was a skinny girl. The only flesh on her were her breasts, which were full. Over the years her body developed a little more meat but she was still barely past the skinny stage. I used to sneak peeks at the youngsters as they grew from their early, right through their teen years. Although I fantasized being able to do things with each one of them I always had enough common sense and willpower not to attempt it. Yet I secretly believed that Susan would have been the one that I probably could have molested, although I was never sure and would never have dared to try, for fear that I might be wrong. All three of the girls loved me and smiled lovingly at me but I somehow felt that Susan's smile and gaze at me was different than her sister's. I always sensed that she herself was holding back inner urges, as I was. When our eyes met I did not see that same childish laugh in her eyes that Betty and Ann had in theirs. Ever since she was very cute , Susan's looks into my eyes were intense, almost deliberate. I sometimes thought that she was trying through ESP to pass a message to me; that it would be all right for me to touch her. Two years ago my wife and I had an in-the-ground swimming pool built on our property in the back of our house and at least twice a month over the last two summers Susan and her husband brought their kids over to swim. It was during this time that I saw my niece in a way that I never had before. Although she was probably considered too old to wear a bikini, the way that she filled one out was quite captivating. Whenever she came over to our house 

Thursday 29/6/10 Went into town with Charlotte and Kirsty, my two best friends, on the lash and on the pull!!! Put on my powder blue shorts that only just cover my arse, but with an arse like mine why not, and a little sparkly silver halter neck top that shows off my toned belly and perky boobs. Because we had already been drinking at Kirsty's house while we were getting ready we were already half pissed when we got into the taxi and Kirsty offered the taxi driver a blow job if he charged us half fare, the driver went bright red and started driving really fast which had us in a fit of giggles and when he pulled up outside Cream bar Charlotte in the front seat handed him a fiver and dropped it into his lap, when she made a grab for it she left her hand there a little too long and i'm sure he nearly came in his pants!! We hit six bars before ending up in Quest nightclub and we were all pretty hammered, Kirsty hit the dance floor while Charlotte and me went to the bar for a drink.While waiting to be served i got talking to a group of lads from Lupset ( a housing estate in Wakefield) and one of them, Danny, was well tasty. about 5" 10' dark hair blue eyes and a fit body 'i wouldn't kick you out of bed' i thought! We got our drinks and went to sit down and Danny and his mate followed us. Charlotte started snogging the other lad so i thought 'sod this' and grabbed hold of Danny and stuck my tongue in his mouth, he responded by slowly running his hand under my top and playing with one of my tits,gently squeezing my nipple while groping the top of my arse with his other hand. I whispered in his ear if he would like to come outside for a cigarette, " i don't smoke" he replied, "neither do i" i answered! i took him by the hand and lead him to the side door smoking area, through the crowd of smokers, and into the car park. We ended up behind a 4x4 at the bottom end of the car park and i wasted no time in kneeling down and unbuttoning his jeans and popping his dick out, not a b

Cleaning up the storeroom was without a doubt the most boring part of Michael’s job, and he seemed to spend all his time doing it. In fact, looking back he felt like he’d spent the best part of his working life in this cold and dark little room and he had often thought long and hard about leaving. He had worked at the university for twenty years, and hadn’t got a shred of satisfaction out of it. He had no wife, no children, just a dark and lonely house on campus. The only reason he had taken the job was for free time in the gym as a youngster, but it had been a long time since he had enjoyed this perk, and to escape his chequered past. He was now just a lonely, balding, fat middle aged man. Sometimes he really didn’t know why he bothered. It was at just such a time, whilst readjusting one of the shelves, that he saw something incredible. Behind the shelf of towels there was a small hole in the wall, just big enough that Michael could peer through it. Through it he could see into the room adjacent, and what a room it was. The storeroom was right next to the women’s changing room, and Michael could see straight into it. It was very late in the day and he hadn’t expected to see anybody, but his luck was in. Just coming out of the shower was one of the most beautiful women Michael had ever seen, his cock instantly hardening. Wearing a towel from her chest to the top of her legs, she had shoulder length brown hair, a wonderfully youthful face and beautifully toned legs. Michael was dying to see what was underneath the towel, as he brought his hand down to his crotch, all the while keeping his eyes firmly fixed on the dripping wet woman in front of him. Sara got out of the shower and wrapped a towel around her body. She always enjoyed swimming at this time, the pool was almost empty and she could just enjoy the feel of being in the water. The twenty year old walked over to the mirror and dropped her towel. Her body was brilliantly toned, hours of yoga and palates had firm

My friend Laura and I had a strange relationship. We met in our college orientation where neither of us wanted to be there but as soon as I made a joke about how happy I was to be spending a weekend of my much needed summer between senior year and college, we hit it off. Laura was the definition of what you see when you think of someone who is cute. She was average height, played different sports so was always in good shape, and her face was just cute. I oddly always felt like she was my sister which is why I never really saw the attraction. Laura I could tell liked me however. How did I know? Her friends never ceased to tell me so. She was also very outspoken this Laura figure. Which shocked me because she would consistently make fun of me jokingly, but I guess that was her way of trying to show she liked me. Laura and I knew each other for a year before the ultimate dismissal of our friendship occurred, and herein starts the true dark portion which is known by Leah. Leah was 18, and only barely. She was just beginning her senior year of high school and was already accepted to college in a great school a few states over. But she always begged Laura to come up to our college so she could get her first taste of partying. I would see the stress it would always cause Laura, because deep down she knew that Leah was looking for "boys" or more importantly, to show off her ungodly figure. Leah was taller than Laura, by about 5 inches or so and she always got confused for the older sister. Despite her taller figure, she still managed to have big booming breasts the kind that just are so supple that you can't ever believe how large they are. And of course, she would always flaunt them to the point where it was almost uncomfortable the first night we met. She was curvy in the hips as well, not the biggest ass but dear god was it tight. Leah played volleyball and you can only imagine what kind of crowds she drew just so the fellas could catch her in spandex. The short shorts c

Grabbing my computer and headphones, I settle under the covers, hairbrush in hand. I slowly slide my panties down until they’re around my ankles and position my brush over my clit. Plugging everything in, I hit ‘play’ and listen to sweet, blissful sounds of moaning as I watch a girl get fucked roughly by her boyfriend. Watching intently, I feel my pussy getting wetter by the second. I give a little gasp when I gently push the end of the brush into my sopping cunny. Matching the pace of the sexy couple on the screen, I try hard not to moan my delights of pleasure. Grunting inwardly, I press my fingers rapidly against my clit, stimulating my impending orgasm even more. Just when I’m about to explode around my beloved hairbrush, I hear knocking at my bedroom door. Acting quickly, I pull my hands away, push my legs down, and close my computer. My father peeks his head around my door. “Can I come in?” He asks with a smile. Damn! I was so close! I shout inside my head. Outside, I smile and nod sweetly, sitting up and trying not to think of the hairbrush inside my aching cunt. “Sure, dad. What do you need?” I wonder through my teeth. Maybe it’ll be small so I can finish. “Nothing big, I just wanted you to know dinner is almost ready. Your mother needs you to go help her finish up.” He replies, placing his hand on my knee. “Sure, give me a few minutes and I’ll be right down,” I smile. I sit silently, staring at him and waiting for him to leave. “Well, are you going to get up?” He urges. “Yes…? I just need a minute.” My father looks at me suspiciously, but gets up and goes to the door. Looking back, he gives me a mischievous grin and yanks my blanket away from me. My baby blue eyes bulge the size of Jupiter as I try to conceal my naked nether regions that still have a brush stuck inside and juices flowing out. My face burns bright red as my dad looks at me with disappointment and shakes his head. “Rachel…” He sighs. “You’re just like your brother. You need to get control of 

My name is Michelle, my mother is Pilipino and my dad is American, I am told I look quite beautiful, but very young. Im a really light caramel colour that doesn’t change from the top of my forehead to the tips of my toes. I have dark black, almost wavy hair, that comes a little past my shoulder, my eyes are big, and slightly slanted upwards, they give me an exotic look. I am a petite woman, I stand around 5 foot 5” high, I weigh about 50kgs last time I checked, and it seems most of my weight are in my D cup boobs, which seem so much larger on my thin frame. My form is very shapely and I have the desired hourglass figure that most women love. My ass however took after my mother in size, it was small….very very shapely but small. They looked like two oranges had been placed into my jeans. Two perfect, round bubbles, that for me seemed a tad too small. But see I was happy with this, I loved my life, I loved myself, everything was going well with me. If I could change anything in my life it would be just to be a little taller. This event occurred earlier this week, it changed my life. Everything seemed so much more different now. I work at a up and coming law firm, about an hours drive from my house. The only issue was the law firm couldn’t afford a flashy building in the city so we were on the outskirts of town, in a not so…pleasant area. But it wasn’t too bad. Most of the people in the neighbourhood knew me well, as I helped with a lot of their cases. So one evening I had to stay back late, around 10pm I left the office, I immediately felt the cold air hit me, I only had my business attire, so the formal skirt and the stockings weren’t doing much to assist with the cold. As well as this my top and jacket were only there to look good and served no function against the chilly air. I took a quick look around to make sure no undesirables were in the area, all the buildings were commercial buildings so they were all closed down after a hard Mondays work. Only one street li

It was a hot summer morning. Amy had packed her two girls Becky and Jenny off to their friends for the day. Amy thought that they were lucky. Their friends each had pools. They’d probably spend the whole day in the pools splashing around and having a grand time. Amy sighed. How nice it would be to have a pool that I could laze in. “This is my time,” she thought. “There’s a few things to do in the house and then I’ll go out back and work in the garden and sun myself at the same time.” Ever since her ex-husband left, there seemed to be less and less time to get the things done around the house that needed to be done. The girls required so much of her time. Becky, the oldest at 9, was a swimmer and dancer. Jenny was 7 and did ballet and piano. Though they went to the same studios, they were, of course, at different times. So taxi mom would be running all over town depositing one girl at the studio for dance, then run the other across town to the other studio for ballet. After a full day’s work, 4 trips, feeding the girls, helping with their homework and cleaning up, she was exhausted. Though the girls were good, there’s only so much help a 7 and 9 year old could do to help around the house. Amy went into the house and up to her room to get changed into her bikini. She turned on the radio and listened to the music as she undressed. She absent mindedly was swaying to the music and looking at herself in the full length mirror as she took off her blouse. She unbuttoned her skirt, lowered the zipper and slowly and erotically undulated her hips with the beat of the music as she wiggled the skirt over her hips. She ran her hands slowly up her hips to her waist, then her small breasts, up her chest and then over her head flinging her hair at the finish. “I still have a tight body,” she though. “I wish I had bigger tits, but I like my small ones.” She was, indeed, small. Standing at only 5’2” and weighing only 105 pounds, and, though 28, she was often mistaken for the older sis

I knelt beside her, "all tell you what you clean off my cock and all let you clean yourself up" I told her. She gave me a reluctant nod and opened her mouth. I stepped onto the bed and went onto my knees over her mouth. I put my dick in her an ordered her to clean it off. She obeyed silently licking it clean gagging a bit at the smell and taste of blood and cum. A few minutes later I cummed into her mouth and she swallowed until it was all gone. I kept my side of the deal I untied her from the bed and helped her to the washroom where she went to the bathroom. I then gave her a wet washcloth and she started to clean her pussy wincing everytime the cold water touched her ruined body. After she was done I gave her a water bottle that she gulped down and a nutrition bar. After she was all done I led her to a wooden horse and pulled her onto it when she resisted. I tied her arms and legs down to the sides so her bum was sticking up into the air. I then smiled knowing what was next. I walked up to her and re-applied the blindfold before walking over to the wall and pulling out a 4.5 girth 7 length dildo. I walked up behind her and pushed the dildo into her vagina making her scream in pain as her already abused pussy was stuck with a big object. I looked at it with a cruel smile perfect I thought before walking away to start the next part for the afternoon. I opened up the door that went to the kennels and pushed number four on the wall. I heard the sound of metal as that kennel door was opening and suddenly Target was turning the corner and sitting obediently in front of me I scratched his ears and walked back into the room closing the door behind us and talking as I walked. "I have a special treat for you today Tar I smiled as the dog lifted his nose up catching Natalie's scent a small growl escaping his lips. I watched his cock slowly grow until its full size was handing down his body. Target was a rottweiler smaller then the other one. He was 24.5 inches tall, weighed 

It's really amazing how quickly things can change. I never would've imagined, that my life could get this turned this upside-down in such a short amount of time. Ever since beginning my life attending our local State University, living & sharing a quiet apartment with my big sister Samantha was great until... that fateful day, where she reached out and scanned through my phone when I wasn't looking. It was at that moment where my life had changed forever. My big sister Samantha had picked up my phone, looked through it to see what I kind of stuff I was hiding, and came across my hidden bevy of sexual images with girls peeing in various positions/scenarios on it. Ever since that situation played itself out, moment after moment has taken place, where Samantha and multiple other girls, have controlled me for their own sexual amusement. My big sister aroused me, seduced me, and lead me into our apartment bathroom, manipulating me into confessing how I love seeing women piss, and would love to see hers & be able to taste it while she pissed. She did so merrily and even enjoyed having my face between her legs, swallowing down as much as I could. What's even deeper than that is, she had learned how much I was ENJOYING being controlled by her at that moment. Samantha then secretly told everything that happened, to our childhood friend Cindy. A girl whom I had always liked, but never had the courage to tell her. Samantha devised a scheme to invite Cindy over to our apartment, where she could prove everything that happened, by coarsening me to voluntarily put my face right between her legs, and even drink the urine fresh from her vagina, when she felt the urge to pee. It was a moment I honestly can't forget. Cindy Samantha & myself were simply watching television, Samantha then carelessly blurted out that she needed to piss. She then reached for a bottle of water that she had, and stuck it right between her legs. She didn't even care that I and Cindy were both right there, sh

Let me start by telling you a little bit about myself. My name is Chris and I'm a 16 year old junior in high school. I go to an all guys school, which has it's ups and downs, but obviously the biggest down was not being around girls very often. We had a sister school that we would occasionally do things with, but since middle school when we were first meeting each other, I really didn't talk to them very often and we actually hung out even less. Now I think I am pretty popular, at least amongst my own school. All the upperclassman loved me because they thought I was so cute. Sounds silly to say, I know, but that was just them being funny and crazy. I was really small standing hardly at about 5'5" yet I was pretty muscular with abs and all. I had kind of long blond-red hair, blue eyes, and rather pale, but not like a ghost. I used to have freckles on my face but lately they had faded to where they were barely visible, if at all. I know I wasn't the guy that girls would see and go crazy for. A lot of times I was with my friends who were obviously better looking and girls would look at them. However, I have talked to people on the Internet via a webcam and most of them are very impressed and use a variety of words to describe my good looks. I figured it was just looking better on camera because my pale skin was much less obvious and other imperfections could not be detected. Either way, I couldn't help but feel flattered and I knew even if it was because of the generous camera, it said something and gave me a little more confidence than I had before. Like I said, I was in the "popular crowd" at my school and I loved my friends and I feel that they thought the same thing about me. I had always been one of the better athletes and I guess that contributed a bit to my social standing at school. I was one of the few sophomores to make the varsity soccer team the previous year. I was always treated like the little brother of the team, which made a lot of the older guys like 

Being a 19 year old babysitter isn’t exactly the job I was hoping for. But it was the summer and I needed the cash. So when my mom volunteered me to watch my baby cousin I guess I was kind of desperate for something. I was pretty shy and I think that’s probably why I bombed most of my job interviews. It was a pretty easy gig. I came in the morning and at this age the baby just sleeps, poops, and eats, and then does that again. But one morning changed everything. I showed up in the morning like I normally do but the front door was locked which was weird. I rang the door bell but it didn’t seem like anyone was home. I decided to try to back thinking that maybe if my aunt was back there she might have music on or something. I opened the back door to find my uncle completely naked beating off in the middle of the kitchen. I stood there frozen. He didn’t notice me at first so he kept going. I must have gasped or something because suddenly his eyes shot up at me. I thought he was going to be embarrassed but he ended up being furious. “What the fuck are you doing? You just walk into people’s houses without knocking?” He grabbed my arm and pulled me into the house slamming the door closed and locked behind me. I expected him to get covered up but instead he was still stroking his dick. “Don’t you know that people want privacy in their houses?” He slapped my ass really hard. I moved to the other side of the room shaken by the whole situation. But seriously did he just spank me? I was stunned. I kept trying not to look down because it was as if his penis was looking back at me. Pointing at me. “I’m supposed to watch the baby” He told me that his wife and baby had gone to visit with her mother and that they would be gone all day. Apparently she had emailed me. I started to apologize and move towards the door so that I could leave this really weird situation but he moved in front of me and grabbed me by the hand. “Well I guess I better get going.” He shook his head no. Dread ca

Ryder The moment I saw Aria’s face, I was in bed feeling lonely one night just like now. I tried to jack one off to get some type of release, as my mother was out of the realm for the time being, but nothing. Nothing until I saw her face. Those dark, brown eyes just like her father’s. I should have known. The way she held me, loved me deep within her soul. I dreamt of our future. Some healers have that ability so we can heal when needed and have what we need ahead of time. Unlike emergencies you see on earth. There are none here with me around. I saw our child in her arms and a band on her finger I made with my own hands. She could never be mine, though. She’s the King’s. I’m his right hand. It wouldn’t be right to court her. It took two weeks after my dreams started for the King to get his. I never told him of mine, but then again, our King is a good king because he has the ability to read minds. Not in detail but generalized. He sort of feels what you’re thinking. For instance, you could be thinking about sex and he can tell by your body movements how you’re feeling about it; whether you like it or not so he can please you properly. I know he must have felt my emotions when I saw Aria in his arms unconscious, but he didn’t say anything. Or, he could have been so distracted by the girl from our dreams almost dead. Either way, I couldn’t bring myself to tell him. He’d been so stressed, tired from something. I was his right hand; I wish he would tell me what was worrying him. I thought of Aria as I lay in bed and try to once again jerk one off to get some release. I was so pent up. Aria was untouchable; but not in my fantasies. I thought of how she’d taste from head to toe. Her mouth fucking my cock. Holding her tight as I thrust inside of her, making her scream my name. It brought me to the edge and I came. Then I take her in my arms and hold her throughout the night and tell her I love her. Maybe now I can get some sleep. ***** Aria As the King promised, I woke in 

Wonder woman awoke to find herself in what seemed to be in a dungeon cell. She lay on mattress that was situated on a thick pile of hay and straw. In a corner of the cell was a chamber pot and a large empty tub that must have been for showering. Her clothes were gone and she was completely naked, her lithe goddess like body showing for any who wanted to see. Her huge breasts stood proudly on her chest and we're nice and firm, just asking to be grabbed. She felt no cold as there was a roaring fireplace in the cell that heated it and kept the cell warm. "Welcome to your new home, princess Diana." At the sound of the voice she turned to find Jared Grey or the Dark Emperor as he was called, a new Magical super villain at the cell's steel barred door, a smirk on his face. With a roar of rage she launched herself at the door, ready to tear it to pieces and kill her enemy. As she touched the door however, a green light flashed and she found herself thrown back. Of course, magical spells had been placed on the door to avoid escape. "Now, now wonder woman. Calm down. I defeated you fair and square and you are now my prisoner. But I come with a proposal...." he said, the smirk turning into a friendly smile. Wonder woman was on guard at once." And what would your proposal be exactly?" She asked, the amazon princess asked. "Join me Wonder woman. Join with me and help me rule this world. I am not an evil man. All I want is what is best for earth. How many times will you let scum and criminals like the Joker or Toy man get away with numerous murders and crimes? I plan to conquer earth and turn it into a magical empire, ridding earth of all it's danger by villains. Those villains who submit and help me will be pardoned of course, those who rebel will meet punishment and death for their crimes. Rule with me as my equal. The Amazons would be rewarded richly for your help. No longer could they have only their little island home. They could have as much land as they wanted. And when o

It wasn’t what I had intended to happen, but even as it was happening I couldn’t imagine it as wrong, and I certainly couldn’t imagine it as putting my in a place like this. It was summer, and despite the fact that it was starting to get dark it was still hot out. There weren’t many cars parked in the parking lot, and none of them had people inside. It was a waiting game, and as a sixteen year old girl in a new town who had just been dared it wasn’t a game I wanted to play. They had somehow found out about me, found out about the number of guys I had slept with, how I had lost my virginity at the age of twelve. They told me they’d let me into their group ‘if’... How they planned on finding out about whether or not I’d actually done it, I don’t know. Maybe they were watching from somewhere in the trees, man were there a lot of trees. I sat on a bench for what felt like hours, watching families return from the trails, tired children riding on their parents’ backs. It felt like my search was hopeless, but I had my eye on one car, old and beat up- I doubted it had anything to do with a family. It took a long time, and by the time a lone man started across the parking lot, I was lightly shaking. I wasn’t cold and I wasn’t really scared, just... nervous. After all, I was in a strange place wearing a mini skirt that barely (if at all) covered the swell of my ass, a thin white shirt with no bra and shoes that would make my mother cower. I looked like your everyday whore in training, not something this town was accustomed to. Already I had received plenty of glares, and why shouldn’t I? My hair, though long and thick, didn’t do much for making me look older- and hazel eyes had a way of seeming innocent. My face didn’t match my outfit, and despite the fact that said outfit highlighted all the right places, I was still just a teenage girl. I could see him eyeing me from across the lot, and as he approached his car I got up to approach him. To me, at that moment, the parking lo

The Private school has a lot of rumors, as most schools do, but I didn't believe half of them. I always thought that they were just jokes, stories to impress or hurt others. It wasn't until sophomore year that I found out how many of them might had been truth. I will recall as many as I can. I am not too sure how many were true or not, but I guess you will just have to figure that one out for yourself? My first story begins with Val, the story of how he lost his virginity. Believe it or not, but this is what he said... There were three Megans: Megan M., Megan H., and Megan W., Each a different personality, clique and look. Megan M. was a tall, slender, attractive girl; she had a light brown hair that went to just below her shoulders and light brown eyes. She was very athletic, Varsity Soccer and Volleyball. She was a shy girl who had the kindest of voices. She was the kind of girl whose voice you never minded hearing. She didn't have the largest breasts, but her tight uniform shirt always made you want to see more. She didn't have the biggest butt, but her skirt could never be too short. Megan H. was a shorter girl, around five feet tall, she was one of the more popular and outgoing girls. She had dark brown hair and dark mischievous eyes. Megan H. had breast that were barely b-cup but that was fine, because she was sexy as hell anyways. Even the way she talked could turn you on, and just about everyone that hung out with her had fantasized about being with her, even the girls. Megan W. was shy and brainy. She was the kind who did chess club and robotics. She had long dirty blonde hair that went to just below her shoulders, and light blue-green eyes. Just because she was nerdy did not mean she wasn't hot, she was thin with b-cup breasts, she was also a little above five feet. Val was not the most athletic guy; he was around 5' 10" and wide shoulders. He wasn't fat, just naturally wide with a little muscle. He had light brown eyes and dark black hair. Val was also on

I pulled my car into one other many spots on the roof of the parking garage. The elevator ride was a pain in the ass, but as much as I loved driving my vintage mustang, I didn’t want it getting dinged in the parking lot. I was surprised by a knock on my window, I rolled it down and asked the teenager what he wanted. He didn’t answer, but leaned down and peered into the car. That was when I saw his eyes. They were completely black. My body shuddered and locked into position, I was paralyzed! I broke out into a sweat as he laughed evilly. Try as I might, I could move a muscle. As I watched out my lowered driver’s window, he stepped back, unbuttoned his denim shorts, and shucked them to the ground. With no underwear, his cock was freed and began to lengthen as he rubbed it. Longer and longer, that uncircumcised monster grew, I could only guess the size, but 10 inches would be my guess. He walked back toward me and he whispered, “Open up.” Immediately, without any thought, my mouth opened and he slowly pushed his dick in. “Suck, but no teeth.” I began to bob my head up and down on his cock. “Lick under my foreskin.” My conscious mind rebelled against that, but I was powerless to do anything other than obey. A gamey flavor filled my mouth and my black eyed boy groaned in pleasure. “Go down, take all of me down your throat.” His right hand caressed my cheek lovingly and I thrilled at the touch. I forced my head further out the window as I took more and more of him down my throat. My saliva was flowing down my chin and onto the leather upholstery, but I didn’t care. My nose collided with his pubic bone and he moaned loudly. I bobbed up and down, only enough get a quick sip of breath, then back down again. “Shit, you’ve done this before.” He exclaimed. I blushed, remembering my big brother’s blowjob squad during high school. Nights spent with half a dozen of my brother’s friends squirting load after load of cum down my throat and waking up with dismal headaches from the app

The Horrors of Humanity-Night Intruders. Warning this story has harsh and mature subject matter. Its not for the faint of heart or weak stomach that said if you keep reading enjoy. This series will have different characters for each story. The events portrayed in the story are all made up from my sick and twisted mind. Any resemblance to any real life incidents is just proof of the fucked up world we live in. Never in a million years would I think I be in a hospital waiting to see if my wife would live or die while my daughter Anna who's only eight years old would be so traumatized she can't even speak and is suffering from temporary blindness. Let me back up a little bit my name is Trevor Glubolsky I'm a thirty four year old white male about five foot ten inches tall I been married to Molly for about ten years and have an eight year old daughter Anna. My life has always been typically average even from my childhood. You see I was never good looking enough or gifted in sports to be one of the popular kids and I also wasn't smart or anti-social enough to be classified as a nerd. I was a B-C average student all my life even in college. I always tried out for the basketball teams and was cut or rode the bench, but on my 3rd year of college I met my future wife Molly. I was riding then bench fidgeting around because my ass got sore and numb from sitting on a wooden bench someone should really invent a more comfortable bench. It was a done game my team was up by fourteen points and for some reason the coach threw me a bone and let me play for the last two minutes of the game. I was ecstatic but my ass was still asleep even so I got off the bench and shuffled my way to the court. I didn't last long I guess they could tell I was the weak link of the team and the visiting team was a bunch of sore losers, because before I knew it I had tripped on one of there feet and they jammed an elbow to my face. Needless to say I was out on my back and dizzy as hell. That's when I saw M

Well to start off i will discribe me... I am 5'10 Brown Hair Brown Eyes I am 130 Lbs. I work out every other day I am very strong and i show it I am also 16 Y/O. (Guy) Next i will discribe one of my cousins Her name is Ashley She is 5'7 Brown Hair Brown Eyes Hot as hell (Just to add;)) She has fair tits 34 C She is also 16 Next I will discribe my other cousin Her Name is Stephanie she is 19 She is Twins with my next cousin She is 5'0 100 lbs. Brn hair Brn eyes Last is my other 19 Y/O Cousin named Kim she looks just like Steph. It was a dark day in winter. We were all hanging out in my aunts house (Ashleys Mom) My aunts and my mom were out having drinks and wouldent be back untill the next day. Me and my cousins were always best friends and i will admit i have Jacked Off to my cousins Before I love them so much in a non sexual way. Untill now we were all sitting across from each other eating Maccaroni and some how Sex came up, We were all virgins and we all wanted to lose it but not to some ass hole or meaningless Slut. So we decided thet we will have a 4 Some and that i would do the honors and pop there cherries and being a teen guy i was totaly ok with that. It was excactly 7:00 PM when it happend we went up to Ashleys room And everybody stripped I had an instant Hard-on seeing all of those Hot Tight Smooth Pussys right infront of me I layed down on the bed and they all stood around me Ashley sucking My cock with Kims finger up her pussy while Kim was making out with me with steph eating her pussy with my finger up her pussy. After 5 minutes I was so horney from all of these hot bitches on me i finally yelled that i was cumming and ashley deep throghted me and that was it all of us cummed at once my cum flew everywhere. The only problem was nobody lost there virginity and i was still hard. Do the math this was going to be one wild night... First up Stephanie I asked how she wanted to do it she told me to stick my big cock up her ass then switch to her pussy. with o

TITLE: Charleston Girl I met a 24 year old in Charleston WV, there was a Convenience Store just behind the Motel where I always stayed, I was going to be there all week, I got in Monday afternoon and then walked over to get a coffee, this young girl was behind the counter, her name was Trudie.... I got my coffee and a snack cake. It was strangely quiet for this time of day. I made small talk and paid for my items. I went back to the motel, I got on line to see if I could maybe find something on Yahoo Chat locally, maybe find a young guy that wanted some attention, The time seemed to fly while I was surfing and chatting, sending messages waiting for replies. I had the TV on for background noise but was not watching it. I looked at the clock on my computer and it said 8:45... shit I had been surfing for almost 3 hours... still no takers. I thought I'd go get a sandwich and maybe pick up a 6 pack and some chips. I went back to the Convenience Store, I walked in and Trudie was still there, I said hi Trudie, she did a double take like who are you... then she said Oh hi... didn't realize who it was calling my name.... I said well we only met 4 hours ago... I walked over and said how late you work? She said I get off at 10:00 why you ask? I said I was just curious. She said you got big plans for the night? I said not really, going to get a sub and some chips and Beer. She said so you traveling? I said yep I am in town for the week for my job, She wanted to know what I did and I explained. I said I usually go out to eat but time got away from me and I do not want to go out this late... especially by myself. She said well if you want to go out tomorrow evening and want company I only work until 6 tomorrow. I said so what kind of food do you like? She said most anything really, I said you like a good Steak? She said sure, it's been a while since I had Steak. I said got a piece of paper... she said her, and handed me a Pen too... I wrote my name on it and my room number at the

As the year ends, Six Flags has been doing a little Christmas event called Holiday in the Park where they setup really nice Christmas lights throughout the theme park. Last year my wife and I drove out to see it one night while we had the season pass. It was pretty dark even before nightfall as clouds filled the sky. My wife dressed up in a red dress with tall black fuck me boots, hoping to get some nice photos with the Christmas lighting displays. When we got there though, it was raining lightly. I grabbed an umbrella for us and she put on a black coat covering most of her red dress. As we walked from the parking lot to the park we were passing a lot of people leaving. When we did get inside we found out that they were closing the park due to the rain. We quickly ran to a few of the lighting displays towards the front of the park and my wife braved the light rain for the sake of trying to get some quick photos. We wanted to go further into the park but security stopped us, as they were closing the park down. We reviewed some of the pics we had taken and quickly determined that wearing a black coat at night wasn't the best way to stand out in a photo. She took off the coat to show off her red dress and we tried taking more photos but the increasing rain was making it difficult to get anything good. We hung out as long as we could, trying to get some good shots. There were no other guests at the park anymore and the only people we saw who were still crazy enough to still be walking around in the rain were the park employees. Eventually they asked us to leave the park and we retreated back to our car in the parking lot. We were nearly the only car left in the whole lot. The rain was coming down more steadily and my wife had gotten pretty soaked while posing for photos. I opened up the trunk of my car where I had a towel that she could use to dry off a bit. We looked around and didn't see anyone else walking to their cars, so I started helping her peel her wet clothes 

Chapter 3 The next day I woke up in the afternoon. I had a very deep sleep and slowly came out of it. It was past 3pm and I was thirsty, still had a bad taste in my mouth… Before rolling out of bed I felt my sheets were wet, so I got up and there were a few wet spots under my butt and when I reached and touched them I realized that all that semen from my anal cavity had leaked out during the night. I put my hand between my butt cheeks from behind and could feel the leak trail lead up to my abused sphincter. Disgusted, I put on a robe and walked down the hall to the bathroom and washed myself with some wet wipes and then washed my hands really well. My stomach was grumbling and I decided to make my way down to the kitchen. Half way down the stairs I could hear my mother and father talking, I stopped and listened… “This is bad Sarah, they need to send us the results from that pregnancy test, I mean this could go from bad to worse.” My dad said. -“Well, they said that they will call within the next two days, but it is unlikely that there will be a pregnancy, I’m more worried about STDs to be honest.” “What do you mean, there’s always a chance of a pregnancy” -“OK, look, in the examination room the doctor asked her some more detailed questions about what happened and how… it seems that they raped her all over… I mean she was penetrated all over…” “What?!” exclaimed dad -“She was sodomized Bill, they ejaculated in her… bum, and he mouth. Not in her vagina. OK ? Its sick, I know, they must have done all kinds of unimaginable things to her body and made her perform all kinds of sick perversions…” my mom just burst into tears, I could hear her sobbing. I was just sitting there on the steps mortified of what was being said. All true, and there was more that happened and I swore to myself that they should never know about. My dad sounded so disgusted and appalled even with what was said just so far. I started walking down the rest of the stairs and seated myself at the table.

She walked out of the store and he followed behind her as silent as a ghost, as she walked to her car and reached into her purse for her keys. As she dropped her guard he struck, quickly raising the gag to her mouth and grabbing her as she fell to unconsciousness. He carried her back to his awaiting van just two rows over and gently laid her in the back seat and drove home. All the way he would look back at his prize, smiling to himself at what he had caught. He pulled up to his house and backed in, with his van blacked out, and put the garage door up. His prize started to stir and he grabbed the rag and reapplied. He was running low on his magic substance, after this one he would need more…He laid her on the bed and looked her over. She was short, a little shorter than he normally went for, and she had short blonde hair, small breasts but was thin. He liked what he saw and slowly removing her clothes before tying her up. ------------------------------------------------------------- She woke up on her side, and her head ached, but her head slowly cleared. She tried to move her arms but felt resistance. She looked around and saw her hands were bound. She began panicking and looked around franticly for why she was tied up. As she looked around she noticed all her clothes were missing, and then saw him. And, Standing in the corner of the room looking at her. The room was dark; spare for a single bare bulb about 5 feet to her left (her back as she was lying on her left side). He walked over and looked down at her “ah, such a pretty kitty…the things I’m going to do to you…” Her eyes became wide as she looked up at him “Please, don’t. Just let me go, I won’t say anything to anyone about this! I swear!” She talked too much, he thought and walked to a bench off to the side, covered in darkness and walked back with a ball gag, slowly putting it on her. She struggled, trying to stop him but without the use of her hands she was defenseless and gave in to it. He leaned over and

THE BIG DICK AUCTION, PART I First, there was an ad about it in the Vegas Sun, clearly stating: Attention, all men with big dicks. Felix Entertainment, a new porn-based motion picture, is seeking three male porn stars, who are to be chosen at the coming Big Dick Auction to be held on 6 July at Hermes Hotel. If you think you have a dick that big enough, please visit our website below for more information. Jeremy placed the newspaper down on the bar table and looked at his pal seated beside him. "Have you seen this big dick ad in the Vegas Sun?" He asked Taylor who was sipping a glass of beer slowly. "Big dick ad?" Taylor's eyes stuck out. He was on the verge of passing out. "What is this big dick ad, Jeremy?" He allowed him a look at his newspaper. It furthermore read: At the auction, three finalists will be selected, who will all bid for the highest prices. The biggest dick will fetch the highest bid, and the smallest dick will attract the smallest one. "Shit!" Taylor expressed amusement. "I have never heard of anything like this before. Jeremy, are you serious you want to participate in this auction?" He nodded his head, frowning simultaneously. "I have a big dick after all. Suzy made me aware about it every time we had sex." It was now Taylor's turn to scowl. "Come on. This is not about Suzy. She is not going to be the judge at that auction or occupy any influential position." Jeremy scratched his beard, agreeing, "You are right. This has got nothing to do with what she thought about me. Still, I have faith in myself. I have a cock big enough to win this auction. I am three inches bigger than you, Taylor, don't forget please." "Three inches bigger than me? You are definitely lying. Maybe back in the past, yes; but not anymore, my friend." Every morning in the coming days, Jeremy used to measure his cock before showering and proceeding his way to work. Whenever at work, he convinced himself his was the biggest cock in Las Vegas. He surfed all the porn sites featuri

The Night My Life Changed by darkfan90 This is the story of how my life change in a way I never dreamed it could. My name is Alex. I am doing my second year of collage. I am a 19 year old, 5'8”, 135lbs Caucasian boy. I am tall and skinny and I ware glasses. I have never been in a fight, but I am pretty smart. I have always been a nerd in school, but it has allowed to to do well here. As a result my parents have helped me get a condo off campus this year that I have just moved into. Witch I am very happy about, because I hated the dorms. Now I go to school with a guy named Dom who is majoring in pharmacology. He is a senior and he is very smart as well. However he is very different from me. He is a very big, good looking, black guy. He looks like a bodybuilder. He must weigh over 300lbs and is 6'2”. Now I have never been very social, never went to parties. My first year here I never made any friends, but all of the sudden yesterday Dom started talking to me. He started giving me tips on school and teachers. At the end of our discussion he complimented me on my grades and said we should hang out more. I told him sure and being exited about my new condo and wanting to impress him, I invited him over. So there I was getting my place ready for company. I herd a knock on my door, so I rushed over to answer it. I opened it and there was Dom, but he had two other guys with him. They were huge like him and carrying bags. As soon as I opened my mouth to ask who they were. Dom threw a cloth over my mouth and held the back of my head and everything went black. When I started waking up I found my self totally naked with my hands tied to the foot of the bad and my feet tied to the head. My arms were tied behind my back with black nylon cuffs. My legs were spread and there were pillows underneath my abdomen to push my ass up. It felt like I had to take a shit. I looked back at my legs and saw straps around my legs going around my ass. I flexed and that's when I realized I had some

Intro (1998-2004): My name is Al, and I want to setup my story with a little history before I jump to the mind control of my 17 year old online female friend. If you wish to skip over this part and go right to the sexual part then you may, but I think you will be intrigued to read my discovery into the hypnotic world which is all true. Besides it is not the typical sex story, it is more about a sexual experience. Don't expect dialogue or a sex scene with lots of action, you won't find it. You still might find what I have to say arousing in another sort of way. Well, for starters I learned hypnosis online. I have been an overweight guy for a while, and I originally looked in hypnosis as a means to lose weight. As much as I tried, I only was able to enter the state for a few seconds before losing it. I am in the rare 1% of people who just have trouble going under. It has a lot to do with my inability to concentrate, but I have not given up my pursuit of it. I have tried hypnosis with different people or groups over the past 15 years with very little or no success. I believe in it wholeheartedly and didn't want to give it up. Anyway, how did I learn how to hypnotize people online? There was a lady I met in AOL Chat who told me she could hypnotize me through typing in a chat window. It was a little hard for me to imagine how that could happen especially with my little success in it, but she wanted me to try anyway. I figured what the hell, so I gave it a shot. Nothing worked, but because of my failed experience with hypnosis I saw the similarities in the induction. The induction is the ways and means to set up the trance, and it is the most crucial part of the session. If you can get the person to trust you then relax enough, the window is wide open for more. She was disappointed that she was not successful, but I started to make inquiries about how such a trance could work. When a person watches TV, reads a book, travels down a long road daydreaming, we enter a trance 

Me and Niki met in 7th grade and became the best of friends by freshman year, we did everything together. Her family was well of and mine not so much, I quickly became a part of the family. All of our friends would make fun of us that we were lesbians cause we were always together. I though it was wierd, to be frank I like dick. She would always giggle and joke back ny saying "what if?" or slapping my ass. Both of us were very sexually active by freshman year. We went to alot of concerts and raves. We drank we did drugs we partied and we were a duo. I new she wanted me. I would spend the night all the time, when we would go to bed she would get undressed in front of me and want to cuddle, "heather the only way I can fall asleep when someone is in bed with me is if we cuddle." she would say wrapping her body tight against mine. She would intertwine her legs with mine, scooting my butt close up into the crevice of where her pussy was. She would wrap her arms around me, her breath on my neck and a hand on my hip bones, her fingers laying gently on my skin. Sometimes right before I would fall asleep I would feel her starting to grind her pussy against my ass. One night we snuck back in really late it was middle of freshman year and we just went to a warehouse rave. We had taken a nice amount of mushrooms and smoked alot of pot. We were trying to be quite but her older brother caught us and started making fun of us that we were lesbians and what not. Niki of course said so what and then just leaned in and kissed me. She slammed her body against mine pushing me against the wall, I herd her brother say something in the back ground and walk away laughing. I was lost. Her tongue was mashing with mine and her hands were all over my body. I had to break away "Niki please this isn't right, you know how I feel" I couldn't look at her. She grabbed me by the hand and led me upstairs. I wanted to, the drugs told me to, but mostly my body did, I could feel myself getting wet as we k

The Perfect Wife Manual by Dr. Olivia Udell The Bookstore [no sex] I was wondering around the used bookstore, more or less trying to delay going home. In the year and a half we had been married Shannon had changed from a cute, perky, slender, vivacious, sexy, fun girl into a rather distant, chubby, out of shape, unpleasant nag who avoided sex like the plague. It had been more than 6 months since we had anything approaching sex and the last time she just laid there and told me to get it over with. Yeah, really hot. Shannon complained about everything. Our house was too small, our cars were too old and not the right ones, her clothes were dowdy, we didn’t go on vacation, we went on the wrong, vacation, we didn’t have enough money. About the only thing she didn’t complain about was her job in customer relations at Streaming C, Inc. I had little idea about what she did there, but she it was the only thing for which she had any enthusiasm. Just when I thought it was about time that I headed home to make dinner, Oh, yeah, Shannon didn’t cook, do laundry, clean the house, or anything else which anyone could notice, this thin volume dropped into my hands. It had no dust cover and its cloth binding had seen better days. I could just make out a title “The Perfect Wife Manual.” My first thought was Shannon could really use this, but then I noticed the smaller print “for husbands”. I was just about to put the book back on the shelf when something stopped me and I figured, “oh why not? I’ll just buy this one too” so I placed it on the small stack of books I had collected and walked to the front to pay for my purchases. As luck would have it, our neighbors’ 18 year old daughter Elisabeth Grand was working that day. She greeted me like a long lost friend. The store was empty so I guess she was bored. She started checking out my books and when she picked up the small volume she looked at the title. What’s this? She said. I’m not sure, but I thought it would make a good gag gift for

Delicious, tingling sensations sizzled along the length of Van's heated cock, spreading through his aroused body. He forced his cock even deeper into her mouth. Her pursed lips massaged his trembling fucker as it glided over then, reaching for her throat. Loni's little pussy was soaking wet by now, and it was throbbing. She knew that she would be coming soon, for she always came when she sucked her daddy off. Her cheeks hollowed inward as she sucked him harder. His broad cockhead bumped into the soft tissues at the back of her throat and his long shaft twitched on her tongue. Loni swallowed hard, taking almost half of his huge cock down her throat. For long moments, she deep-throated her daddy, making him groan louder and louder with each clenching of her throatmuscles. Van pulled his hips back, withdrawing his cock until only its knobbed head remained between his daughter's lips. His shaft was red and pulsing. Saliva made it shine lewdly. Loni wrapped her tongue around his smooth cockhead, sucking him hungrily. After enjoying the girl's lashing tongue for a few minutes, Van once more thrust forward, burying his prick back down her throat. He continued this regular rhythm as he thrust back and forth, always increasing the rate of his thrusts so that his big cock pumped in and out of her mouth faster and deeper with each plunge. Although the red length of the man's cockshaft now and then slid out from Loni's puckered lips, he always kept his cockhead firmly planted inside her wet mouth. He was fucking her mouth as if it were a pussy, for that was how he thought of it. That was how Loni thought of it too. Her mouth was another hole to give her daddy pleasure – just like her pussy and asshole. While she sucked her daddy's cock, he pumped it back and forth, each gliding stroke over her lips and tongue increasing the thickness of his hard-on. Van panted for breath, his chest rising and falling rapidly. He thrust so hard and deep into his daughter's mouth that her tits ji

The lighting was dim as the Mistress Laris walked through the long tiled hallway the light came from skylights the lined the ceiling hall. The hallway itself was several hundred feet long and it connected Mistress Laris’s three story family house to the entrance to the bathhouse. There were seven main structures on the estate, the three story Laris family home, the bathhouse itself which was the largest building on the property, the Laris solder’s garrison and four large one story slave quarters that held up to one hundred slaves each. Around the estate stood a thirty foot stone wall manned by the families small but extremely well trained and loyal privet army. The Mistress walked out of the hallway and into the her family’s home as she walked house slaves knelt and deliberately looked at the floor not wanting to make eye contact with the beautiful Mistress of the house. Her guest had already arrived and was waiting in the parlor and as she stepped into the room she smelt him even before she saw the obese man . He smelled strongly of body odor and so did the soldiers that accompanied the fat man. The man and his entourage had traveled for more than a day from the Capital city and they would be staying for a week. As she entered she gave the large sweaty man a smile and said greetings Senator Goodwin I hope the road was not long. Senator Goodwin beheld the small dark haired olive skinned woman before him and answered with a ruff voice the road is always long but my stay with you is always to short. Well we aim to please and with that she turned and said this way Senator. As the walked Mistress Laris informed her very rich and influential guest that his usual sweet in the bathhouse was ready for him and that she had obtained a dozen new girls in the last two days and that he could if he so desired help in their training. The Laris family enterprise had been prostitution for the last one hundred and fifty year and Mistress Laris was a forth generation madam. The bathho

My name is Tom. My family and I moved to a new neighborhood when I was young. My father had purchased 1 of 2 lots being sold by the owner of the old farm house that was on the end of the block. Our house was being built at the same time as the house on the other lot that was sold. One of the times we were at the house as it was being constructed, our new neighbors were there to see the progress being made on their house. I met the young girl that would my neighbor. Gwen had a terrific smile that would melt your heart. I discovered later that it sometimes disguised a hidden intent. We discovered our birthdays were one day apart when our mothers were getting to know each other. Gwen and I moved to one of mounds of dirt left from the excavation of both basements to play while our parent had a conversation. Our families moved into the completed houses just about 2 weeks apart. Gwen would be the only kid my age in the neighborhood. Gwen and I became fast friends over the next several years. Since our birthdays were a day apart we celebrated them together with cousins, other family members, and friends from other neighborhoods. We spent our summers mostly with each other. It was never a boyfriend, girlfriend relationship, but were best friends. We occasionally went to the movies together. We ate lunch and dinner together many times. Sometimes we took our bikes and went to a fast food place or for ice cream. Although neither of us considered these dates. We always paid our own way. One of the special places we went to was my grandfather’s property. My grandfather and grandmother had died a number of years ago. My dad had paid his only brother half of the price of the land and was now the sole owner of the property. It was a couple miles east down the state highway that was at the end of our street. The Main Street of the city we lived came to a T with the state highway. The highway went off to the west to a small city about 15 miles away. The highway also went east for a s

INTRODUCTION The year is 2020 and the US is controlled by many different large scale companies, these companies are allowed to do things many would not consider legal, however, they cannot be stopped. These companies buy out government officials to ignore their illegal business practices. Extremely large pharmaceutical companies are by far the worst, they capture people, test their drugs on them, and dispose of them. This is the story of the unfortunate testing of a high school girl. Mackenzie is one of the cuter freshman in her school, she is 14, has stunningly gorgeous brown eyes that could capture you very quickly, her hair is long and dark brown while it came down to her mid back. Her face is very soft on the eyes, and her figure is absolutely adorable, she stood about 5'6" with tiny 32A perky breasts, and a great firm butt that was held up by muscular legs. She probably weighs around 120 and does not look too skinny nor too heavy. She dates a football player at her school named Josh, they have a great relationship and it has never revolved around sex, since she is a virgin. Josh is a Senior who is 18, he plays lots of sports, and hangs out with who you could consider the jocks. His girlfriend thinks he's a really nice guy, but, he has his own wild sexual agenda. He is 6'1" an a very cute guy, he is tanned, and has a great muscular body. He has short brown hair and blue eyes. He probably weighs about 200 pounds. Josh isn't a virgin but tells his girlfriend otherwise because he would never want that to come between them. THE STORY Mackenzie was sitting in class talking to her friends waiting on the last few minutes to pass by so she could finally be free of school for their spring break. As if on cue, the bell rung spilling hundreds of impatient students in the hallway. As Mackenzie was walking towards her locker, she felt a hand on her shoulder. She spun around to face her boyfriend, who she casually kissed and said, "We're finally free." Josh hugged her and rep

Things have been getting really weird since my parents got divorced and my mom married this guy from her job two years ago. His name’s Tyler even at the wedding he’s been giving me this strange look and licking his lips, but it’s subtle so no one else notices but the person he’s looking at which is me. My name’s Heather and i just turned 18 like tomorrow i’m so excited i can’t wait. But back to Tyler he’s average height like i’d say 6’2, he was dark medium length hair, kinda muscular and he’s 25. Hehe that makes my mom a cougar because she’s 51. At the wedding i remember going to the bathroom, i was 17 at the time. i came out the stall after doing what i had to do and I saw him leaning at the sink. “uh..you know this is the ladies room right?’ i said washing my hands. He came behind me helping me wash my hands. “Umm...i’m 17 i can do this without assistance…” i said then suddenly i felt something hard poke my lower back. “Can you do this without assistance?” He chuckled. i blushed, “you just got married to my mom what are you doing?”. His hand went up my dress slowly pulling down my panties. “Stop it! someone is going to come in!” i protested trying to push him away, but i’m only 5’1 it’s like air blowing against him. “I locked the door and used a out of order sign, besides everyone is out dancing in the main hall. That’s the only thing you’re worried about?” He chuckled pulling me into the handicap stall as he sat on the toilet then placing me in his lap spreading my legs. “But you’re with my mom and you’re like my dad now…” i gasped as i felt his tongue go up and down my neck. “mmm..then call me daddy.” He moaned as he pressed that hard thing against me. “w..what’s poking me?” i stuttered. “My dick,have you ever seen one?” He whispered in my ear pulling my dress down in the front exposing my breast. “mmm they’re as big as your mother’s but heavier.” He moaned grabbing my breast playing with them. “please stop..” i whimpered as started realizing what was happening.

A smile spread across the older black man's face as he watched the cheerleaders from afar. Normally had someone been staring so intently at the young girls, they would've been noticed, but not him. He was a lowly janitor, practically invisible to most of the people there. He was practically scenery and that's how he liked it. Especially since Savanna had joined up. Savanna was a pretty young white girl with a pretty face and an amazing ass. It was thick and jiggly yet firm enough not to move too much. Just the perfect amount of jiggle on an ass that white girls typically weren't graced with. Especially white girls as young as Savanna. The black man smiled as he continued to watch her strut across the gymnasium floor. Her sexy ass, bouncing with each step, barely contained by her black lycra shorts. After a few more minutes he walked off to continue working. A smile spread across his face, as he knew what young Savanna had in store. Savanna was one of the last girls to hit the locker room. She'd been having a few problems with the routine that they were working on and wanted to try a little bit longer to get it down. Most of the girls had already left by the time Savanna had walked into the locker room. She quickly got undressed and headed into the shower. Just as she stepped in she saw the last two girls walking out. They said their goodbyes as she put hanged her towel outside of the stall and turned on the water. She let out a sigh of relief as the water cascaded down her young lithe body. As she cleaned herself, she found her fingers drifting between her thighs. She closed her eyes and slowly started to rub her tender, young slit. It had been a while since she’d got a moment to herself. Between her parents, her friends, school, and her boyfriend she barely ever even got a moment to herself, so despite the inopportune location Savanna decided to enjoy herself. She started to rub more vigorously. Soft squeals escaped her lips as she continued rubbing herself. Finall

Dog day afternoon – Holly and Rose find a pedigree chum. “So where are we going Marco?” “It’s not far now.” I said as we drove along the leafy country lanes outside Worcester. Rose was excited and probably a little nervous as I had promised her ‘something you have never seen or done before’ which given the range of her experience was hard for her to believe. Eventually the satnav directed me to a long driveway with an old Victorian house, shaded by deferential pines, at the end. “C’mon, we are just in time.” I said as I parked my nondescript Ford between a beautiful Maserati and a sleek Jaguar. Rose’s eyebrows went up a notch as she looked at them and went up even further when, after ringing the bell, the door opened. “Hi, I’m Steve; you must be Rose and Marco. Come in” He was tall and athletic looking, late 40’s with close cropped greying hair. He was wearing a dinner suit, white shirt, red bow tie and matching cummerbund and had an air of confidence about him, vaguely military somehow. “Follow me,” he said “We are using the conservatory this evening” We followed him down the corridor, past a number of closed doors pausing at the only open one and putting his head inside shouted “Holly! Two glasses of Champagne please, our other guests have arrived” Before marching smartly further on leading us through a double door into a beautiful Victorian glasshouse. It would not have looked out of place in Kew Gardens and would once have held a collection of rare plants brought back from far flung places by its wealthy owner. Now all it contained was some solid looking chesterfields, the type that looked like they had been handed down through the generations and would be in the future. Looking rather out of place in the centre of the room was a low bench-come-couch, the sort of thing that you would find in a physiotherapists and underneath it was a low angled mirror, the etching ‘Nicolas shoes’ on the glass telling us where it came from. As I looked around a tall girl in her e

Sophie and Dylan entered the court club together, both ready and excited for a day of fun together. They had been waiting for this for quite some time now, and finally the day had come where they got to see each other. They swam happily together, playing around and squealing like a couple of little kids. When they were both worn out beyond belief, they decided to take a nice relaxing break in the club's steam room. The club that day had been having quite a slow day, and didn't have anyone else in the pool section. The two, still breathing a bit heavily, sat closely together, still softly giggling about the antics they had committing. Sophie rested her head on Dylan's shoulder, her sopping wet blonde hair still dripping. Dylan put his arm around her shoulder, kissing her head, and the two enjoyed each others for a few minutes, the thick steam rolling around them, growing more dense by the minute. Sophie, the little devil she is, put her hand on Dylan's thigh, and gripped hard. He gasped, and looked at her, smiling. "Babe stoooop, you always do this, and I can't do anything about it" he whined."Doing what love? I'm not doing anything" she smirked and put her hand higher on his leg, massaging him. Dylan now getting quite uncomfortable in that area, shifted his weight and let out a little whimper. "Awww poor baby, is someone a bit excited?" She crooned to him, licking his chest, and tracing her tongue up his neck, pausing to bite his lower lip. Dylan let out a moan, and returned the kiss, now very excited, deeply and passionately, moving his arm from around her shoulder to the back of her neck, pressing her head into his, tongues dancing wildly around each other, exploring the others' mouth. They remained like this for a while, until Dylan got excited enough, and decided to return his girlfriend's little favor, and slid his fingers up her thigh, playing with the ties on her bikini bottom. Now, Sophie is a hot little number let me tell you, though nothing little about he

All I ever really asked for was just a normal life... but for some strange reason, I always wind up into these pervy situations. What's even worse (much to my growing shame) is... I'm actually starting to like it. I'm Dan. I just started attending the local state University. Rather than rooming up in a dorm with somebody I don't know, I was fortunate enough (or at least so I thought) to able to get to share a place with my older sister Samantha, who's also attending school (just a couple of grades ahead of me). Staying with Samantha was definitely great. She used to tease and mess with me a lot for fun when we both were kids, but being my big sister that was nothing out of the ordinary. She always had a weird sense of humor though. She'd do unusual things like undress or change her clothes right in front of me; she once even slapped me across the face with her panties. Whenever I questioned her free-spirited behaviour with me, she'd always just smile & say "Don't worry it's fine, I'm your sister". My sister has grown into a stunningly attractive young woman though: average height, lovely long brown hair, sensual curves with a firm rounded ass and 40D-cup tits. Despite a spectacular body and those breasts she's not particularly shy about, she oddly doesn't really date, keeping that gorgeous body at home with her brother. I was starting to enjoy this new college life of mine, when one day, coming back home from class things really took a twist.. Samantha was already home, sitting in the living room in her bra and panties watching TV. While this is pretty normal for her, I still came into the room and froze for just a second staring at her. I really should be used to this by now, she's my sister after all, so there's nothing to be embarrassed about right? But today something was different... she was sitting there in cute matching lacy white bra & panties, and as usual, she greeted me with a smile and "Welcome home Danny". I decided not to say anything (rather I couldn'

“All extremes of feeling are allied with madness.” -Virginia Woolf, “Orlando” *** It was sundown. The carriage reached the cottage on the cliffs. Porphyria followed the path to the door, but hesitated before knocking. Maybe I should go back, she thought. Maybe I should just throw myself off the cliffs instead. That would be better. But she knocked, and when the door opened she went in without waiting to be invited or greeted. She had to duck a bit to fit through the doorframe. She was a great, tall woman, with strong arms and broad shoulders and a hard face, but she was often called beautiful. (A duke wrote a sonnet about her hair two seasons ago. She called the verses "quaint.") Hester was wiping flour—covered fingers on her apron. She was small and fine, and anyone would admit she was pretty, but gentlemen of every stripe stayed away from her, and no one would have dared write her poetry. She said nothing to Porphyria, but instead went back to the kitchen and continued rolling out dough on the sideboard. Porphyria waited as long as her patience would bear and then coughed. Hester looked at her. "Well?” she said. “What do you want?” Porphyria set a box on the countertop. Hester smeared flour on it as she picked it up. Inside was a diamond necklace. "How...pretty," Hester said. "My mother wore it at Queen Victoria's coronation. Just one of those stones would buy all the land from here to Marblehead Hall. It should be more than enough." Hester turned the necklace over in her hand. "I'm sorry," she said. “But I wouldn't have a thing to wear with it." Porphyria scowled. "If that's not good enough then what is?" "You know my price," said Hester, continuing to knead the dough. "I won’t pay it." "Then you won’t. It's your decision. But no one else can help you. You've traveled all over the isles and even to the continent, but no one who can do what I can." "How do you know that?" "I know," said Hester. Porphyria seethed. Hester separated the dough into pans, singing under

The day was finally here, finally! We've been waiting and excited, planning this for the past year. Finally, the Purge was here. The home we bought the day after the Purge last year has been fortified and modified. The upstairs had metal 8 inches from the drywall, cubbies built into the metal against the wall, and filled with water to stop any fires that might be started against the house. A gravity fed fire suppression system, gotta love it. The floor had been torn up and drainage put into it. When we poured the new concrete we made sure to put angles into it to drain properly. Cells were placed on the wall facing the street in the basement. The main area had our hooks and tables placed in it, a St. Andrews cross built into the wall. This year would be truly relaxing and purifying. Around 6 we headed out, 3 of us in our van. The cheap panels had been pulled off the van and steel plating had been welded onto the frame. No rounds can punch through this beast. We certainly made sure the engine was protected, saw a dumbass last year who drove into a gang and ended up with his engine shot to shit. He was pulled out of the car and beaten to death with baseball bats. Idiot. Anyway, we were heading to the 3 homes we had chosen over the previous year, females that had raised our ire or just caught our eye and then screened down to our selections. We sit outside of the first house for about 4 minutes before we hear the announcement on the radio. “This is not a test. This is your emergency broadcast system announcing the commencement of the Annual Purge sanctioned by the U.S. Government. Weapons of class 4 and lower have been authorized for use during the Purge. All other weapons are restricted. Government officials of ranking 10 have been granted immunity from the Purge and shall not be harmed. Commencing at the siren, any and all crime, including murder, will be legal for 12 continuous hours. Police, fire, and emergency medical services will be unavailable until tomorrow mo

[b]She said she Loved Me She was on one of those dating site on the web and as soon as she seen his picture she knew she wanted him. So she sent him an e-mail and hoped he would respond. The next day she was surprised to find a response from him. He sings in Bars and Clubs for a living and He had asked her to meet him at a place where he is playing at. She agreed to meet him that night and She had her friends help her get ready for their meeting. She walked into the Bar and heard him singing, and right away she was sure this was the guy for her. From the monument she walked through that door she fell in love. Mary Anne sat there all night staring at me as I sang sweet love songs to her. She had several guys ask her to dance, but she declined for reasons only she knew. We spent many nights together without having sex, just enjoying being with each other. This went on for about two weeks, until I took her to a party. At the party she got kind of drunk and ended up kissing my brother-in-law. She told me about it and I was upset just a little. The night went on and we sat together and she listened to me sing. After the party we headed to my place to spend the night. I was always being a gentleman and never tried to have sex with her up to this point. I wasn’t planning on trying this night either. But she told me she was tired and if I was going to have sex, I had better do it now. That was all it took for me to make my move and I start kissing her. I ran my hands straight to her breasts and fumbled up under her shirt. I then ran my left hand down between her legs and rubbed there for several minutes. Then pulling at her snap and zipper, so I could get her pants down. Pulling at her clothes and with her help she was naked in bed with me. At this point I undressed myself as quickly as I could without looking like I was in a big hurry. Even though I wanted to just fuck her hard and do it quickly. I started kissing up and down her neck, back up to her lips. I was trying to 

*I've got a surprise for you* I hadn't talked to Dustin in a week until this text but apparently we were going to do something again. I thought that this was a really weird way to start a consversation but it didn't really matter to me. It was noon on Saturday and I wouldn't mind spending the night with him. So I responded right away by just replying with *what* *I'm on the bus on the way to our game today, I'll pick you up once I'm back* *It better be a good surprise if you keep me waiting that long* *I can guarantee you'll be pleased* Well at least I had something to look forward to tonight was all I could think. There couldn't really be anything wrong with spending a night with Dustin. I tried to think as little as possible about what the surprise might be, but I just couldn't get my mind off of it. What in the world could the surprise be? I continued on with my day as I normally would have. I did all of my homework as I normally do Saturday morning. I have decided that this is the best time to do so because then I have Friday and Saturday night to do whatever I want and then I can just relax on Sunday. After my homework was done it was 3 pm. I knew that the hockey team's game started at three and that it was broadcasted online so I decided to watch it. Hockey is nearly worshipped in our town so they can actually make good money off of high school games. The game went pretty well, the team won 5-4 but it shouldn't have been that close. Our goalie really struggled today. Dustin had two goals so I was happy that he would be in a good mood. He carried the team as he always does but he is always happy as long as the team wins. It was only about 10 minutes after the game and I got a text from Dustin. *Want to see your surprise a little early?* *Go ahead this better be good.* I nearly held my breath in anticipation for what his next message would be. It took a couple of minutes, but then my phone buzzed with another text message. It was a picture message. I closed my e

Third day. He was getting the hang of things ever since the day before. Today would be another day he would continue the little vendetta that he gleefully started. Brimming with confidence and ideas, a great new sense of power overtook him, a power that could not be opposed, a power of control that would change his once miserable life forever. However, he minded the urge to go crazy, holding himself back until he fully understood what this power was capable of. He had all the time in the world, considering he had no obligations to anyone. Not any more. From now on, his workplace will function according to his will, and the fun only started with his long hated bitch of an enemy, Kelly April. Even after yesterday, he felt that he was not satisfied. Making her a fuck doll was part of the fun and he felt like he wanted to play just a bit longer before he went on with other plans. Kelly April will be the target for today again. The whole day. He wanted to see her do things she would never do, do things that no person of her stature or reputation would ever do. He waited for her to appear at the elevator lobby, taking his time to revel at her normal appearence despite what happened. No odd looks. No screams of distress. No expression of terror or shame. It was as if it was any normal day. He had made her keep the memory as part of the norm, shape her mind to accept it as if it was a normal pleasant happening, confident that this dream world he was creating for himself would hold together. "Good morning, April." He greeted her. He fought back the urge to burst into malicious laughter. "Good morning, Gary." She replied, with a more pleasant tone than what she normally gave him. "Did you enjoy last night?" "Oh, yes." She replied immediately, flashing him a small smile. "Did you like it? I hope it pleased you enough." "You did good, April. Very good." They exchanged this shameless talk publically, in front of a half dozen other people. Of course, Gary had his influence on the

The House By The River I live in a suburb of a large city. In some fifty meters from my house begins the forest. When a child, I have spent lots of time there. I know that there is a large forsaken house standing on the bank of the river which flows through the wood - some day the house is bound to fall right into it. Sometimes I go there just to be on my own for some time... One warm summer morning I went there to spend all the day there. I was thinking of smoking my pot when I heard somebody's footsteps, and a minute later the door squeaked and opened. I quickly hid in the little room behind the main one, and looked through the crack in the wall. I saw a young woman, her face was pretty - large brown eyes, a sensitive mouth, long fair hair. She wore a short white dress and no bra, so her large tits swayed to and fro as she walked. In her hand was a plastic bag. The girls scanned the room and then approached an old chair standing in the corner. She dragged it into the middle of the room, right under the ceiling pillar, and then opened her bag and took out a coil of rope. And I understood everything: she had come here to hang herself! I tried my best to conceal my heavy breath and felt the spasm of lust burning in my pants. I couldn't believe my luck. Meanwhile, the girl stood on the chair and attached the rope to the pillar. The rope was thick, with a noose on one end. Having done this, she sighed deeply, arranged her dress and put the noose on her neck. Taking her long hair out of the noose, she did it in a braid, then she tightened the rope on her neck and then stood on the very edge of the chair, stretching her right leg down, while the right heel held her weight. Then the chair fell. She was hanging now. When I saw these two slender legs hanging in the air, my dick went crazy. For a second or two her feet were motionless, but then they started dancing, trying to reach the floor, and I felt the horniest erection in my life. I watched the rope eat into the girl's

Monica For the past two months Monica had been dropping hints to her parents to buy her a car for her seventeenth birthday, but it appeared they weren’t taking the bait. She had her license but her parents insisted she drive their second car for her evening job after school. Standing in her bathroom after just getting out of the shower, Monica was admiring herself in the full length door mirror. Being five foot eight and only weighing one hundred twenty five pounds, Monica was a statuesque young woman and had all the boys in school trying to date her. Platinum blonde hair cascading over her shoulders, bright vibrant green eyes that shined like emeralds. Monica’s 38C firm breasts had pea sized nipples that would prominently show whenever she went bra less. Her twenty five inch waist and her thirty seven inch hips made men and boys alike gasped as she walked by in her skin tight shorts or jeans. Living in Miami, Monica had a perfect tan and since many times she would lie on the roof of their top story town house, she had no panty lines to distract from the golden tanned body. As she admired her almost perfect form, Monica knew what her next step would entail to try to get that car. Monica’s mother was away for the week visiting her ailing sister in Ohio so it was only Monica and her father at the house for the week. Walking into the den where her father was busy at his desk, Monica stood in front of him wearing only a towel. It was wrapped around her magnificent breasts and hung to a point of only a couple inches below her tight firm buttocks. When her dad looked up quizzically, Monica smiled and asked him in a low seductive voice if he and her mother looked at the pictures of cars she had been placing throughout the house. Her dad smiled back and said her unsubtle hints hadn’t gone unnoticed but right now wasn’t a good time to spend that kind of money. He suggested they go out and check used cars that week and see what was available. Walking around the desk, Monica l

You may say this story is horrible, and I ruined a girls life… All I can say is we had a lot of fun, and she has enjoyed every minute. You see, Everyone in this world has a vice. Some people drink, some do various drugs, some buy expensive things. My vice is sex. Much like Amber, the girl of object. I met Amber when I was 21, she was 15. I had just finished a tour of duty in the Iraqi sandbox, and she had sent me a message on my Myspace. A very cute girl, 5’6’’ slender, dark brown hair, and matching eyes, with nice full a cups on their way to a promising B cup, possibly C. Her legs were well muscled and quite shapely. She always accented her gorgeous body with tight, short clothes, but never cared for make up. She didn’t need any, she was naturally beautiful. As I said I met amber when she was 15. We went out for the first time and we smoked a little weed. She said she had smoked before, so I didn’t think anything about it. We drove for a while and she flirted with me as I flirted with her. She was intoxicating, pushing her young pert breasts towards me. I found it difficult to drive, and view what she was offering. My cock was doing jumping jacks in my pants, as she would do her best to arouse me, and I would do my best to remain calm but the longer this game went on, the more I felt my aching balls swell in my jeans. She certainly knew how to get to a man, but she hadn’t been with a man like me. After our drive to get some munchies, we ended up back at her parents place. They were away on a cruise, and she invited me in to have another smoke. Once inside, she sat upon my lap and our game of tease came to a new level. We pawed and groped each other, kissing and nibbling for twenty minutes until I got the courage to remove her clothes. It was a glorious sight to see the beautiful tanned teen body laying in arousal beneath me. I disrobed and as she saw my full erection, she gasped. At 9 inches and very thick, I was not falling short in the endowment department. She l

My husband is a pervert... there's no easy way to put it, he's a pervert. We've been married 14 years, have 2 kids together, and I love Jason so much... but he's always trying to talk me into sleeping with other men in front of him, or exposing myself to his friends. He talks about going to nudist resorts and swinger clubs... but no matter how many times I tell him "no way", he just keeps trying. I have no interest in being with anyone else, and I wouldn't feel right doing it even if it was "just for him". Just the idea of anyone else seeing me like that, especially someone we know, bothers me to no end. We have a fairly normal sex life, outside of his dirty talk while fucking me. I'll often play along, but I always make sure to tell him afterwards that it's just fantasy talk, and I wouldn't actually do it... he always looks a bit disappointed, but nods as he tells me he knows. I'm not a prude, I just can't do the kind of things he wants... it's one thing to talk about his friends taking turns fucking me, and it's another thing to actually do it! But talking about it during sex really gets him off, so I'm happy to play along. I do often feel guilty that I can't be the lover he lusts for, despite him never complaining. His birthday was coming up, and I had been racking my brain to think of something special for him... I wasn't going to do anything extreme, but I considered maybe doing a boudoir photo shoot... not getting naked, but I figured me posing seductively and in lingerie for a photographer might turn him on without having to go to far. I didn't know where to look for a photographer, and I wanted to keep it a secret so I could surprise him with the pictures, so I couldn't ask him if he knew anybody (I'm sure he would have). I searched around a bit online and found boudoir photographers, but they were WAY more expensive than I was willing to pay... but the more I looked into it, the more I really wanted to do it! I talked to one photographer named Robert Helm, 

On a bright sunny morning in Huntingdonshire . Mr Darcy decides it is time to meet the neighbours. “Mr D’arcy how delightful!” Mrs Bennet simpered as her new neighbour arrived on horseback quite unannounced . “Indeed Madam the pleasure is all mine!” Mr D’arcy replied airily, “Tis a pleasant enough little place you have here, quite like my lodging at Manderly but somewhat smaller I fear.” “Oh Mr D’arcy you are too kind,” Mrs Bennet smiled through gritted teeth, “Come you must meet my girls,” she added, seeing an opportunity to marry one off, and called upon them to come through. “This is Jayne my eldest,” Mrs Bennet declared. “Ah plain Jayne, how appropriate,” Mr D’arcy greeted her. “And Eliza,” Mrs Bennet indicated her second eldest. “I don’t think I’ve had the pleasure,” Mr Darcy smarmed. “Oh Mr D’arcy” Miss Eliza replied, “I can assure you that you would surely have remembered if you had had the pleasure.” she laughed “Ah, I meant of meeting you,” Mr D’arcy explained, “I should of course have remembered every detail had we met previously.” “Not to worry Mr D’arcy,” Miss Bennet explained, “The mind always plays tricks when we get older.” “I am but Thirty Two years of age not some doddering octogenarian,” Mr D’arcy explained in exasperation. “I merely wish to make your acquaintance.” “Mother is as always offering us up for your delectation, in the expectation that you will be so infatuated with us on sight that you will instantly take one of us to be your bride?” Miss Eliza enquired. “Indeed that is not my intention madam,” Mr D’arcy explained somewhat painfully, “I merely wished to enquire if I might shoot a few of your pheasants as I fear I have slaughtered the vast majority of those at Manderley and the season has hardly begun.” “Indeed shoot away for we have peasants far in excess of our needs,” Mrs Bennet simpered, “Gardeners, ostlers, idlers, why we have a complete superfluity of peasants.. “Pheasants mother, not Peasants.” Eliza cautioned. “One cannot shoot P

Part 11 The van pulled up at a warehouse and Heather and I were taken inside. Inside were a variety of half rooms which I realized where movie sets. There were lots of bedrooms – many of them designed for children, kitchens, an office and one set looked like a playground. Heather was looking relieved. She obviously had no idea what sort of movies were made here. “Hey Kelly we are finally going to be porn stars – isn’t this exciting?” She seemed to have gotten over the torture her cunt and ass had just endured and did not even seem angry at me for fisting her or for enjoying her pain. Maybe she was right and they only wanted to make a porno – I didn’t think so though. A man approached Heather. “So this is our new star – it is simple sugar – you will be dressed as a little girl, well you are only young anyway, and then you will be seduced by your “daddy” who will then give his little girl to all his mates to play with. Just lots of pussy, cocksucking a bit of anal – just keep it innocent if you can and look amazed a lot. I want you to say things like “ Oh Daddy you make my pee pee feel so good” and “ Daddy can I have some more of your juice – it tastes soooooo good” do you think you can do that Heather? “Sure” said Heather beaming. Sounds like my normal Saturday night. “Good girl – just go with it – enjoy it – we are making a movie but some may be streamed live to high paying clients so get it right first go – ok?” “Ok – wow this is sooooo exciting – what will Kelly be doing?” “Well she is your jealous sister so with some help from her friends she wants to hurt you but don’t worry it will all be fake – just act it out – she wants to see you dead” I heard the word “dead” and my stomach turned while my cunt twitched with an instant orgasm. They were making a snuff film. Pete the gardener had told me about them and we had watched some one night while Heather was away. I was really turned on. The thought of watching someone die made my cunt twitch and I fucked pete so har

After luxuriously sleeping in one Saturday morning, I ate my usual breakfast of cold cereal and milk. Little did I know how hot my day would become. Logging on to my computer, I decided to check what's happening at Lavalife's Intimate Encounters section, the sexual portion of their site. Almost immediately, an online member whose nickname wasn't familiar, sent me a message and a backstage pass. Clicking on the pass revealed two pics, one clothed and one of what lay beneath. A handsome 40ish 6ft tall, blond hair blue eyed man smiling, certainly appealed to me. However, it was the second pic of his naked sexy body that sold me. His erect cock, long and thick, conjured up feelings in me that made me want more. He proceeded to tell me he was fascinated by my contradictory profile; classy pic of a reserved lady yet passions including oral and anal sex, threesomes and gangbangs, interracial encounters, one night stands with a stranger, some realized and some not as yet, that were far from ladylike. Our chat continued and he queried whether I would ever want to live out my latent desires. When I replied that I would, he asked me, a virtual stranger, if I would agree to meet him that night at Bob Boyner's Champagne and Caviar. I heard about that new upscale restaurant. If I was to agree, there would be a note delivered to me at precisely 7:50pm at the table reserved under his name, Tim, and that I would be given instructions at that time. Intrigued, I said I would be there. "Great, make sure you are wearing a skirt," was his reply, and then he went offline. The day seemed to drag on endlessly. Distracted, I paid little attention to the matters that usually take priority in my life. When I started getting ready for our date I slipped on my black lace panties and bra. Closing my eyes, I started thinking of Tim. My fingers commenced making their way under my lingerie and began circling my well-developed breasts. I imagined Tim's masculine fingers touching my tits. The firmness

I've been wanting you for so fucking long. Watching you from afar. Seeing you walk around the neighborhood with your dog. Studying your habits. When you get up..when you turn off the light. Stalking you day and night. Obsessed about that slutty body. Yes, slut. I've watched you use your toys through your bedroom window. Fucking that slutty cunt and your dirty ass and listening to you cum again and again. Sometimes on the phone. Sometimes on the computer. I know how hungry that cunt is and what it needs. So I have a plan. And you have no idea what's about to happen. I park my car around the bend in the road so you don't seen anything unusual as you come back home from doing your laundry. The kids come out as you're talking on the phone, annoying you it seems. You get off of the phone and have the kids help bring in the clean clothes. I watch that ass move..your hips sway slightly as you walk into the house. Fuckk..even your walk gets my cock hard. Wearing all black to blend in with the night I softly walk towards the house. Throwing a laced doggy biscuit over to your dog and watching him wolf it down...get up and slowly walk to his kennel and pass out. I walk over to your bedroom window and look in. There you go again. Pounding your cunt and moaning softly to not disturb the kids. I watch as the glistening toy plunges in and out of your hungry pussy. I groan softly as i watch and reach down to stroke my thick hard cock. Then pull my hand back quickly. no...it's not time to cum. not yet. I stand and wait. Knowing that soon you're going to put the little one to bed. Smiling a bit to myself as you get up and move out of the room. Waiting until I hear you talking with the youngest child in the house and silently pushing the window open and sliding into your room. Walking quickly to the closet and shutting the door. Breathing slowly yet my heart is beating hard and fast as you walk back into the room. I watch as you pull off your clothes and get ready for bed. My cock get

Still spent, Scott was gazing in amazement at the scene in front of him. John was laying on the bed and mom was locked in his embrace. After being thoroughly fucked, the unconscious Carol was resting in the arms of the big stud, who loved cradling in his massive arms the mature, hot milf. Her small size fitted perfectly in his large frame, like a little baby fondled by an adult. John’s lips were gently kissing the beautiful face of his naked asleep lover, while his huge hands caressed the jutting curves of her breasts and ass. He had screwed the mature lady like his cock was the piston of a well oiled engine and he had made her squeal and scream like he had never heard in his life. He had extended her multiple orgasms to the highest possible level, before filling up her whole sex box, down to her womb, with a torrent of powerful floods, and yet his hunger for this female prey was not satiated. The naked victim, totally displayed to his lewd gaze and totally available to his ravenous hands, mouth and cock, was the most delectable object of pleasure he would have ever figured in his perverted mind, before meeting with her. A middle aged babe, mother and wife, captured in her own house in front of her family; her small, clean and luscious body to die for; her full, heavy breasts, her tight, round buns, her perfectly shaved little pussy, hiding a very sensitive pearl, her white, tender flesh, her soft, unblemished skin: all of her body claimed to be used and abused forever. When Carol opened her eyes, getting out of her torpor, John stood up in all his gigantic size, gathering her up, like a little baby. He had easily lifted her up in the air, supporting her boby, in horizontal position, with the strength of his huge arms. Then his mouth started kissing and licking her smooth skin, back and forth, from the swollen breasts to the pink folds of her still gaping cunt. The woman didn’t struggle; she giggled happily, clearly pleasured by his gentle tonguing, after the wild f

Sorry for any typos. Please enjoy and comment! Chapter 6 Nergal was crouched over an empty alley, scribbling incantations on the ground in human blood that he was reading off a sheet of the flesh from a man’s back. He was mumbling curses as he tried to keep count of the symbols and remember their specific order. There were thousands of different symbols, all drawn around a ring that was a hundred feet in diameter and even stretched into the third dimension on the walls of the buildings on either side of the alley. Abaddon landed beside him, coming to check in on his progress. “Damn it, why the Hell am I doing this useless shit? I hate this spell stuff,” he complained. “These symbols will save you valuable time and probably your life. When I first summoned a Horror Obelisk to this realm, I memorized the energy equation needed to compensate for the different dimensional factor and altered it for this situation. These symbols are the equation in a written form. Using this arrangement of incantations, the spell will take a fraction of the time and energy it would normally require without experience. You should be thanking me, I had to memorize thousands of symbols, flawlessly alter the equation, and then write it down for you newbies. Keep working and do it right, or else we’re all screwed.” “You know, I am ordered to try and kill you if I see you.” The red-haired Archangel said, looking out over the city from the roof of an office building. Of all the Archangels in New York, she was the youngest, being just over half a century old with the body of a teenage girl. “But never have you truly attempted it…” Baltoh mused, standing ten feet away with his arms cross. “What do you want, Baltoh? I could get in big trouble for talking to you.” “That’s just what I want Rosemary, to talk to you,” he said, walking over to her. She finally turned to him, studying his face with her bright blue eyes. “What do you think I am, not just as a person, but as an entity?” “Are you asking bec

It was not going to be a typical, lazy Saturday morning for Rachel... instead of slowly waking hours past normal, stretching luxuriously, running her hangover-cure bubble bath with the peppermint oil... her body almost jerked awake not long after her weekday time... at least, she felt like she'd barely gotten any sleep. She was right, it was barely after 8 am... her body was tense with pain from all over... her dry, abused throat, her viciously paddled ass, her sore, stiff legs and arms from her ankles and wrists being bound... and of course, a near-blinding headache... the events of the previous night hit her like a ton of bricks, all washing over her at once and making her want to start sobbing all over again as she realized yes, he was still there... and her ordeal wasn't over. She could hear his quiet, whistling breaths... not quite snores... and then panic hit as she realized she needed to pee so badly that she thought she might burst. Torn between wanting there to be as long as possible before he woke up and renewed his assault on her body and being both disgusted and afraid of the idea of losing control of her bladder right here in the bed, she rocked back and forth uncomfortably for a few long moments before her upbringing outweighed her fear and she rolled as far away from her slumbering attacker as possible, then struggled to yank on the bit of rope attaching them, hoping to wake him gently enough that he'd realize she wasn't trying to escape. She heard a mumbled sound and felt him pull back as he turned away from her, only disturbed, not woken... tensing every muscle in her thighs and groin to keep from pissing all over herself, she turns harder, pulling back against him, worry about what he might think dissolving in panic. She was pulling as hard as she could, body bowed forward at the pelvis and hanging off the edge, her arms stretched behind her and her ankles still bound tightly to the frame, when he suddenly rolled back over, and she fell off the bed

Despite what you might expect after that unforgettable episode with my little step sister, we didn't actually have sex in the ensuing weeks and months. Yes, we have a close relationship and can talk to each other about anything that comes up but I think Kristin felt that it wouldn't be right for us to get going sexually. Maybe she was right. But it was very cool living with her and her mom Cynthia. Sure I noticed Cynthia. My dad really was lucky to meet up with her. I guess she'd gotten an early start on her sexual life and, I just overheard this, she "Had to get married" when she was just 18. Kristin came along a few months later and Cyn and her late husband Bob got married to make it all legal. By all accounts they had a good marriage and it was devastating for her when Bob developed a malignant tumor in his brain and died an early death. So Cynthia was just 37 when dad met her. Of course to a knucklehead like me 37 seemed like she was somebody's grandma! But, when she and her daughter were hanging out in the kitchen first thing in the morning dressed in pajama bottoms and no panties, well, she didn't look like a grandma then, that's for sure! I could see where Kristin got her butt. Cynthia had that same jiggle when she padded softly around the kitchen. My dad used to say "It must be jelly cause jam don't shake like that!" As fascinated as I was by Kristin I couldn't help but find her older and more mature mother to be very attractive too. There's a song that Steve Earle sang that summed up my feelings for my step mom. It's called "The Galway Girl." "And I ask you friend What's a fella to do? When her hair is black and her eyes are blue?" Well, that described Cynthia and her stunning good looks. I believe she was of Irish extraction and there was this wonderful resemblance to her daughter that I found sexually intriguing. It was like they were two different versions of the same woman. And then that time that Kristin mentioned her mother's masturbation right on the

I am writing this story for a friend at her request. She had a fantasy and wanted me to write it out for her. The content of this story is violent and harsh at her request. I do not condone any forms of rape or non-consentual sex. This is my first attempt at writing any erotica. My friend insisted that I share this and that it was much better than I thought it was. Please give me some feedback. The day has come, I have been watching you for a while. I have plotted your movement, your schedule. I know when you are home, when you are school, when you work, I know what you had for lunch today. Your roommate just left for the weekend, right on time. You are alone for the weekend, just like last weekend, and the one before. Sitting in my car I check my equipment one more time, while I rehearse everything in my mind. The coil of rope around my waist, two 18 inch pieces of duct tape stuck to my shirt, and a small flat blade pocket knife. I am ready, I hope you are. As I walk toward your building I wonder idly if there is a way to take both you and your roommate, but it is you I want, and that would be to complicated. To many risks and to many variables. I am almost to your door now, drifting through the dark corridors of your building like a shadow, casually taking in the graffiti on the walls. There is your door. My heart pics up a bit as get closer and I force myself to calm down and more importantly look normal. I need you to open the door or use a back up plan, none of those I liked. I knock firmly, but not loudly, projecting confidence, normalcy even with that knock. I stand casually and relaxed in front of the door. You crack your door and I glance toward the top of the door...no chain. That is my cue. Before you can register that the fake smile has slid off my face, the palm of my hand slams into the door driving the edge of it into your forehead. You stagger back, blood trickling down your face. It turns me on. I step close before you can cry out and drive my fist 

The Vampire's Kiss Chapter 2: Chained by mypenname3000 Copyright 2015 Damien's corpse slumped in the hot tub style bathtub, his vampiress wife and murder still straddled him, convulsing in orgasm as she sucked the last drops of his blood from his neck. Scarlet spread through the steaming water. Even now, the change transformed Damien. It would be an hour or more before his corpse awakened to undeath. The angel Aurora sighed in disgust as she watched from the Ether, the realm that lay between the Spiritual and the Material Realms. Damien was too good of a man for her intervention to change this fate. Aurora hated the rules place upon her and her angelic brethren. For every intervention Heaven made, Hell was granted an equal nudge. Even now, some demon was exploiting Aurora's attempted seduction of Damien. And it was all for naught. Our tool is on their side. Aurora turned to Gideon. The lesser angel hovered near her, holding a ledger. Silver glasses rested on his serious face. They were an affectation. Angels could be clothed in any appearance, the only limitation was the sex they could choose. Aurora would always be female, Gideon male. “What are the odds of success now?” Aurora asked. There had been a small hope Damien would have detected his wife's transformation into a vampire and reacted in time to save his life. He had been a skilled Knight Venator, slaying dozens of vampires. If he had lived, his righteous vengeance would have led to the enemy's death. “Almost zero without another intervention,” Gideon answered. “Our projections do not end well for Damien.” “And there is a chance that, even turned, we can use him as our sword?” Aurora found that unlikely. Dark hungers would grow in him, erasing the good man. “Yes,” Gideon nodded. “It requires an intervention upon a vampire. It may not work at all, but it if does, the odds improve dramatically. Damien's motivations will be unchanged. He will act as our sword, desiring vengeance.” “And how shall we stop Damien o

I met the creepy older guy at a service station and he was talking non stop about how much it had turned him on to see the video I had sent him. He said " Your wife is a very classy lady. I know she wouldn't look at me twice. She would probably cross the street to avoid me. It's good to know she slept with my *** inside her last night" He asked what contraception Elaine used and when I told him she was Catholic and would not take the pill, he was really excited. He said ' You mean there is nothing to stop her getting pregnant from this " ? I said " You must think I am mad,but I love doing this" He said "Oh no thats fine with me. Do you want to get her pregnant. We can carry on until I give her a baby if you want to. It's not too far to travel and I will let you have sperm whenever you want for her. I love it that she doesn't know and we have got it sorted so I can get to her properly,so she gets my spunk right up her young pussy. Can you let me have some pics to help me wank ? I handed the guy some naked pics of Elaine and he went back to his old,battered, Ford . He leaned over and I knew he was looking at the pictures. Then from his movements it was easy to tell he was masturbating After about 10 minutes he walked across and handed me the container. He said "There you are. That should be good,fertile,stuff ". He leaned towards me and he leered as he said in a conspirital voice " What do they call her "? I told him and he said " I bet she has a good job. I heard her on the video. She has a voice like those news readers on the telly. Can I see her ? You know just so I know what's she is like in real life" ? I said " I will see what I can do. He sort of twisted up his face and I saw he had several teeth missing. He gave a sort of chuckle and said " I would love to make her catch on and make a baby with her" ! I drove home as the previous day and kept the man's spunk in my shirt to keep it as close to body temperature as possible. Elaine was already home and thought I 

Coal blue eyes look out into the dreary night from the grated entrance. Small soot stained hands grip the grate waiting for the right moment. The blue eyes close for a long second, the grate is old the metal dark with stains of refuse. This night steam rises from within slipping up into the early cool night air. Those blue eyes return to look out the grate now, the way clear. The eyes seem to fade back into the darkness of the drain as the grate scrapes from the wall with a metallic shriek. A well dressed woman steps from the sewer entrance. Almost as if the dead were rising from the graves. If any night were one for the dead tonight would suit them well. A deep fog is forming swirling with the misty steam rising from the warm sewers. A half moon can be seen in-between the veil of fog. The light filtering down gives everything a surreal look to it. The woman inhales deeply smiling she stretches her form letting her clothing hug it even better. Her older style blue hip hugging skirt molds to her form well as if begging someone to stroke over her. A tight gray sweater hugs the swell of her ample breasts lifting them even higher then normal so that the nipples look directly at you when she moves. Her blonde hair hangs loose streaming down her shoulders. Her bangs hang down partly blocking the view of the coal blue eyes as if only to tease you with them. A breeze kicks up causing her blonde locks to blow free playfully about her fair skin. The swirling haze works in her favor as she walks onto a main alleyway. She walks slowly looking hard at buildings as if lost. In reality if this was anyone but her they would be lost in these conditions. This side of town is the lower end many slum lords live out their lives here selling buildings, renting hovels, and extorting their renters. The red brick facades hide the pain and suffering to most in the daylight. Dimly lit windows look like small eyes staring balefully down on her. This is not a place for a sexy lady to be out wan

(author ny123456 on *****.com story is trademark not to be copied) What a great turn out for a Friday night. I been on my third date with Clair, A very cute girl I met while working in my dads restaurant as a waiter. She is the all American girl, Fair skin, Blonde hair and a solid little body. This turned out to be a pleasant change, from my usual type, High maintenance Italian girls with Gucci bags and tons of jewelry on! This seems like a good time to introduce myself, my name is Philip, but everyone calls me Phil. I am a 23 year old student, but I work as a waiter on weekends for some extra cash. Its not a bad gig, my dad is part owner so basically I get treated well. The only one that gets on my case is of course my dad. So back to what I was saying, it was my third date with Clair. I am sitting in my car and she is bent over her passenger seat tickling my balls and totally ignoring my throbbing cock. The sexual tension has been building since the first date. So I guess this was her way to make me suffer even more. I know her little plan is to drive me crazy until I beg her to jerk me off for some release, And by doing so hand over all the sexual control to her! Although I had a different idea, as she lay there bent over in her denim skirt and tube top. My balls were in her palm, and without her knowing I reached under her body and ran my fingers over her crotch. With no time at all, I find her clit. Well how can I possibly miss it, it was bulging from her tight panties. Like an on & off switch, as soon as I touched it all her games and plans disappeared. She grabbed hold of my cock and started pumping up and down so hard it was actually hurting a little. But hey, who could complain at a time like this. So there we were, my shaved balls and 7" cock are throbbing and ready to explode, and I have a horny girl desperately milking at my cock. I can see in her eyes that she was expecting a huge cumshot. She was almost smirking with anticipation. So here it came, I ye

Yesterday had turned out better than I ever could have expected, my little sister was really getting off on anal sex, and ever thing we did she loved and wanted more, so when we woke this morning, I took her straight into the bathroom, and lay down, now she stood over me, and her pee began to flow. This time she was smiling and having more fun trying to get it all over my face and in my mouth, when her stream stopped I sat her down onto my stiff cock, sliding up into her pussy my cock felt good once more, but today I was going to do something different, as she started to ride my cock, I let me pee go, deep into her womb, she looked down at me and said that’s not fair, but rode me until me pee stopped,, then stood up and walked over me her pussy let all my piss drop out all over my face again, kinky girl. After we showered, and got ourselves cleaned internally, I got on the net and arranged a few things. Before I left Australia, I had chatted to a few bi guys around this area, that I might have been able to meet, two I had cam with and were able to meet during the day. Then I set the laptop up on a small table next to the big TV, telling Pauline we could watch some porn later if we wanted. We popped out for a while returning ready for fun. It was close to lunch time, as we began to play, Pauline as always, eager now to try anything I wanted to do with her. So I started off slowly and worked her up with the toys and my cock, then while she was kneeling, the big dildo went in her butt with my cock in her pussy, I said lets watch some porn and turned the TV on, at first she didn't seem to watch, then her eyes began to glance up, then she looked back at me, almost in disbelieve, then when the people on the TV said hello to us both, she lost it. I had set up a Skype link with Sue and the kids, so they would be playing at the same time in Australia, with the TV off they could see us on the laptop cam, but Pauline couldn't hear them, now she was red with embarrassment, as w

Georgia by Vanessa Evans Before you read this part I strongly suggest that you read the previous parts. It will give you the background that will make this part a lot more enjoyable. Part 22 It was late morning when I woke up to the sound of the boat’s engines running. A quick look out of a porthole confirmed that we hadn’t left the marina. After waiting until I was fully awake, I looked at my phone to see if anything was happening that day. Yes it was, I had to go to the club that night to get another hole of mine stretched. I thought about my pussy and explored it to make sure that I was still in one piece and that there was no pain. Satisfied that I was in one piece my right hand got busy and a few minutes later I had my first orgasm of the day. “‘Priapus’ ‘Priapus’.” I shouted when the orgasm arrived. Stupidly, I was disappointed that it wasn’t as good one as the ones that I’d had the previous night. I finally got off my bed and went to the shower. Fifteen minutes later a refreshed Georgia went up onto the deck and said hello to the captain. We exchanged a few pleasantries then I went back downstairs to put some coffee on. Sitting out on the deck, slowly sipping my coffee and watching the captain do what he had to do, I remembered what I had told myself that I was going to do with the hosepipe that the captain was using to wash the outside of the boat. I decided to go and get some breakfast at the café, then spend the day sunbathing on the boat and trying to rig-up something that I wanted to try with the hose-pipe. Manuel was his usual cheerful self when I walked in, and seemed oblivious to the fact that I was naked. As I was leaving I saw Kate and Zoe, out for one of their ‘punishment’ walks. As I walked up to them I remembered about them missing the dinner appointment with their parents. “Hi ladies, turn around please?” I said. “I see that your father has been spanking you again.” “Yes, and he blames you Georgia.” Zoe said. “Well, I guess that I’d better go ba

I had always wondered about my sexuality. Whether it mattered how i felt towards other guys and girls. In recent years i had got these urges about other boys in my school. Since i was about 14 all i could think about when wanking was young, fit, toned teen boys' bodies, and their cute, erect cocks up my arse. Im now 16, and these desires had become much stronger. Im a keen swimmer, not competitively, but just going for fun. Every Wednesday me and my best friend, Sam, would go to the pool, do a few lengths and generally have fun. We talked about everything, about previous girlfriends, about how fit and attractive girls were, everything. Sam was a month older than me, but his body was muc hmore developed. Im pretty tall, but i have a bit of muscle on me, and my cock comes to about 6 1/2 inches when erect. But Sam was something else. HIs body was so toned. He was about the same height, but his biceps bulged a bit more than mine, and he has a considerably hairy snake trail leading down to his crotch. I've always noticed a bit of a bulge, suggesting to me that he had a large package down there. I'd never seen a man naked before, well, only in pornos, and i went swimming in the hope that a really sexy lad would be there with me, in the showers. Me and Sam usually were respectful of each others privacy when getting changed, we knew our limits. Well, thats what i thought. One week, instead of turning his back, Sam just stripped totally naked in front of me. We continued our conversation, but i couldn't help myself staring. His cock was reasonably larger, and the dark bushy hair covered his crotch. God, i loved that cock! I was getting hard myself, but luckily i was already in my trunks, so there would be no embarrassment for now. We went for our normal swim, just joking around as usual. I had forgotten about the incident, until we came out to get showered and changed. I wrapped a towel around me to cover myself up, but once again Sam didnt bother, this time being more obvio

Chapter One January 8, 1980 Joey wanted nothing more in this world than to be a rock star, but the odds were against him. He did not know how to play any instrument, nor was his singing ability anything special. It hurt him even more that he did not know anyone within the industry. Still, he wanted to be a rock star. Unfortunately for Joey, he was also lazy and undisciplined. He was just a few years out of high school and could not hold a job. He would work at various fast-food joints and hated it. He would always get fired after a few months. He lacked the skills and education necessary to get a better job, but even if he could, he would not want it. He wanted to be a Rock Star. 1979 had just come to a close, a brand-new decade had arrived. Joey felt it was his time. Joey did benefit from living in Los Angeles, instead of some no name town in the Midwest. There were a couple of famous music studios nearby. Every couple of days he would stop by one of them and he would provide them with a sample. This was such a daily occurrence, that it was to the point where the receptionists of those studios would just smile and throw his samples into the trash. When it came to being a rock star, Joey was a persistent young man, so he never gave up. Back in high school, Joey and a couple of friends formed a band. The band tried hard. They were able to play at the prom, and a few other events. They tried to keep it going after high school, but the band slowly fell apart. One of the members quit. Another got married. The third went off to college. Joey was the only one hanging on for hopes of becoming a famous musician. It was like ground hog’s day. Joey would go to work at the burger joint. He tried his best to put on a happy smile. When he came home, he would practice singing or learning to play the guitar. He felt lonely, since all his high school friends had moved on. He was stuck. Stuck living at home with his mom, dad, and sister. Often, he would drown the sadness away by ill

Technically this was the first time I made love with another man with my husband watching. In the preceding few months since last autumn, I had been encouraged by David to have sex with a number of men. As I have previously told you prior to then my lovers since my wedding day could be counted on one hand. After I spent a weekend of rampant sex with David’s former boss whilst his escort at the Company’s annual Dinner Dance, thanks to a very sexy dress I’d worn that evening, combined with the effect that everyone seemed to know the Boss and I were in the same room; I had been inundated with requests from David’s former colleagues and a few of our social friends both male and female saw a change in me. I was frankly like a child in a sweet shop told to take whatever he or she wants. By the end of April 2010, I estimated I had slept with around 40 new lovers in the past 5 months; the vast majority (31) were from David’s former company. None of these liaisons had been ‘just the one night’: most by that date had been 3 or 4 meetings. David’s dare for his ex-colleagues was if the guy contacted me I was to say yes to meeting “for a drink”, I was to dress up sexily, his dare was to at the very least give the guy ‘a blow job’ at the end of the evening, in fact whilst I did blow about 7 guys in their car with that in mind, I still ended up going to a motel and fucking all night. The next part of David’s dare was, if I had fucked the guy, he should be entitled to follow up sex; so initially I should fuck (bareback) and suck (swallow); date 2 should include anal sex and rimming him; date 3 should include me pee drinking. For the vast majority of these guys date 3 was kinkier than anything they’d done before and they loved it all. I broke several of my own records, 7 new lovers in one week, and 3 lovers in one day and sex with 2 couples. In both February and March I had sex with a man other than my own husband every day. David and I attended several small sex parties where I had

She had always loved to read. Even as a kid, she always had her nose in a book. She’d read while walking to school, while brushing her teeth, she used to ride to the library and come home bowed under the weight of her book bag. She was voracious about it, she devoured novels, she worked her way systematically through the library. When her mum and dad went to shopping malls on the weekend, they often left her in a book store while they got groceries or ran errands, it was easy, she’d just sit in a corner and read and read and read. She couldn’t quite remember when she first discovered the adult books section. She’d been young, she knew that much. Maybe 11, maybe 12. Every bookstore has one, Borders, Dymmocks, Angus & Robertson - it’s a thin slice of shelf, usually somewhere in between Self Help and Health. She was a kid, she was curious. She’d already found her mum’s copy of the Joy of Sex, she’d felt that hot guilty pressure in her lower stomach, she thought there might be more where that came from in this new genre, this new frontier, ADULT NOVELS . She stood in front of books about portion size and the optimum amount of daily steps and darted her eyes left. Hand outstretched, shaking, trying desperately to seem casual. Slipping out that first volume. Hurrying away to a corner and devouring it in hot, hungry eyefuls; feeling swollen, feeling distended and not knowing why. Clenching her thighs together. Peering around to make sure no one was coming. She wouldn’t want to get caught by her parents. Not with this. She did that for the next four years. By that time, she could go to the mall by herself. It became a habit, she had to get her fix, the words that made her feel so filthy, made her heart pound, reading them before she even figured out how to masturbate. She always left the store feeling shellshocked, blinking at the fluorescent lights, mind filled with cunt and suck and fuck. Always frustrated that she had to leave. Buying the books that she pored over was ou

It was a cold November night in Los Angeles, and Maxine Devyn was sitting in front of a fire, cup cradled in her hands. The 16 year old blonde was home alone and very bored, waiting for either her father or her brother's return from their respective haunts. Jack Devyn, 43, was a business management teacher at Maxine's high school and often had to stay late for staff meetings and to prepare his lessons for the next day - Maxine expected it and always awaited a phone call before starting tea. Normally, her brother Robert, or Robbie as they all called him, was home by now, but he had no doubt been given detention by some teacher or another. Robbie was somewhat a bad apple, constantly in trouble with both the police and his high school; The 18-year old lived to cause drama and complications. So while she was bored, Maxine was glad her brother wasn't home. Her mind wandered to the events of the previous day, when she had wandered into her brother's room to try and find clothes for washing. She had picked up a pair of his jeans and thrown them over her arm when a small white packet had fallen from them. Before she had a chance to pick it up, however, Robbie had burst into his room and caught her, grabbing her by the throat mid sprint and slamming her so forcefully against the wall she had seen stars surrounded by black spots. He had sworn at her, slapped her, and told her if she ever came into his room again she would be taught a lesson her father was incapable of teaching. She didn't understand it, but Maxine knew better than to tell her father anything. Ever since Maxine's mother, Francis, had walked out on them, they had been the kind of dysfunctional family who pretended nothing had changed, and that Robbie's behavioural problems were simply down to stress at school [Every teenager goes through it, don't worry!] and hormones. They purposely forgot to mention the existence of Francis at all, and who could blame them? She had been a jumped up little crack whore who had 

I sat down to write a part two of this story and was gonna start off with a recap of what happened last time from dad's perspective, but it kinda took over and well, this is what came out... Hope you enjoy, I still plan on writing more chapters soon so stay tuned. So I had just gotten out of work and planned on heading home after yet another long day of working two jobs. I probably didn't need to keep the second job after all this time, but it helped when unexpected bills came up and when we wanted to buy something or go on a short getaway. After my evening shift some of my co-workers were hanging out for a little while after work having a few drinks and asked me to join them. It wasn't anything out of the ordinary, but usually I would just decline and head on my way. Tonight I knew that my wife was out having fun with her friends and I thought that she told me our daughter was going to be staying the night at a friends house anyway, so I decided to accept the offer and cracked one open with them in the parking lot. As a couple of the guys were starting there beers they were getting in and out of there cars and getting out of there work clothes to some extent, as I did as well. Some were getting dressed to go out after work and other, like myself, were just getting a little more comfortable for the ride home. One of the guys came back to the circle with a joint between his lips. This wasn't an unusual occurrence I suppose, but I didn't usually hang around after work, so it took me a little by surprise. What shocked me even more is when they started passing it around and offered it to me. I had smoked plenty of weed back in my prime, but it had been years since I had even really thought about it. My wife was always very anti-drug so I pretty much steered clear of it just to make things smoother at home. 'What the hell' I thought and took a good deep hit off the joint and passed it on as I started coughing and choking. All the guys started laughing and jeering me that

It was late, and the gym was sparsely populated when my wife Amanda arrived. She and her partner of the day had chosen this time to meet for that specific reason. My wife was wearing a bright pink tank top that contrasted sharply with her heathered-gray yoga pants. What was similar about her top and bottom, however, was the way the fabric stretched across her body, hugging every curve and accentuating her best physical attributes. Amanda spotted Jansen easily. It was hard to miss him, he was tall and a hulk of a man, standing well over 6 feet with the broadest shoulders she had ever seen. Jansen had long wavy blonde hair and deep penetrating blue eyes. Powerful muscles rippled under his t-shirt and shorts whenever he moved, and Amanda couldn’t help but smile and feel her heart flutter when she saw him. A skinny scantily clad blonde, seemingly dressed more for attention rather than for functional purposes, was talking to Jansen. Amanda was all the way across the room so she couldn’t hear their conversation, but it was obvious that the blonde was flirting with him. However, Jansen immediately noticed Amanda, quickly dismissed the other girl, and walked over to my wife. Jansen smiled. Amanda tried not to blush like a schoolgirl, but failed. “Hey, Amanda.” “Hey, yourself, handsome.” It was Jansen’s turn to blush. “I’m glad you made it tonight.” “Me, too.” There was a slight quaver in my wife’s voice. Of all the men who had gangbanged her just mere days ago , it was a poorly hidden secret that she wanted Jansen the most. Sure, Amanda had a deep connection with her boss Glenn, whom she had slept with only 2 days ago . And she also had a special relationship with my best friend Dimitri, who had openly adored her for years. But in terms of pure lust, there was no comparison: she wanted to have wild, crazy sex with Jansen. I couldn’t blame her. Jansen was extremely handsome, built like a god, and owned the hugest cock we had ever seen . To be honest, I was seriously attracte

=====================================Introduction==================================== Hey everyone. Chapter three is here. I spent some extra time revising this one so I hope everyone likes it. All the chapters have had an element of darkness to them, but this one takes it to a new level, so I am putting it in the dark fantasy genre. As always I am looking for feedback from everyone. I have over 1000 reads on each chapter and they both only have 11 comments a few of which are mine so come on people help me out here more comments. I would like to thank my "team" of reviewer. A group of fans have been keeping in contact with me via e-mail very regularly to help me revise my work, give me ideas, and express their opinions. In return they have gotten to be the first to read each chapter as they come out. I was originally only going to let a few people be in this e-mail group but I changed my mind. You can find my e-mail in either part 1 or 2's comments section so if you want to join the group just e-mail me. Now for people that haven't read parts 1 & 2 you are in the wrong place leave now and come back when you have read 1 & 2. Also nothing has changed in that this is not a sex based story with vampires. It is however a dark vampire romance story with sex in it, and it will most likely feature a decent amount of action in chapters to come so don't worry its on the way. For those who don't know this is my first story ever so I am not that great at writing yet, but I am doing my best and all criticism is welcome as long as it is constructive. I think I have rambled on long enough enjoy part 3. =================================================================================== Mike woke up in a bed. It was late afternoon and the sun was shining through the window of the bedroom he was in. He could have sworn he passed out on the living room couch the night before, but here he was. He was also surprised that he awoke alone and not next to Irina like he did the previous nigh

Growing up, Violet knew that she came from a very close knit family. Her grandparents had been friends for a very long time. Grandpa and Grandma Acker, her mother's parents, owned a few small business in town. The bakery, an auto shop, the local hardware store, and a construction company, which had been passed down to them. After Grandma Lillie passed away, Grandpa Acker, also called Papa John by his beloved Violet, managed to keep everything afloat with the help of his two children, Rose and Lucas, and their close friends the Porters. The sweet, well mannered, and well to do Porters, Papa Joe and Memaw Lynn, owned a small loan and reality business in town, and Lynn ran an interior decorating company. Joseph and John grew up together, and even attending the same boarding school and college. It was no surprise that they were so close, having such similar backgrounds and being members of the two wealthiest families from the same small town in Pennsylvania. They were inseparable, so much so that no one was shocked at the announcement that John's daughter would marry Joseph's son. It was a huge event for their town, with everyone being invited to watch Rose Acker marry Frank Porter. Lucas, Rose's twin brother, was the best man. A few short years after came Nathan, followed by Violet, the pride of their families. The Porter children were born into privilege and grace. Rose had always been very protective of Violet her whole life; keeping her busy in dance classes, musical lessons, learning how to paint, and even playing soccer. She had grown into a well rounded young woman. Frank, her husband kept Nathan close when he wasn't way at school. Taking him hunting, to the country club, and even teaching him the family businesses. Frank was built like his father, Joe. Tall, around 6'5" with a strong frame and wide shoulders. Nathan took after John, standing around 6'2" with a much leaner build, but muscular none the less. Nathan followed the tradition of Lacrosse and rugby. Ros

So much screaming! Was that all for us? A few mates and I, with guitars and a drum kit? The lights suddenly went up, bathing us in blinding glory. The screaming got even louder, apparently it was for us. I clocked a bird right at the front, an absolute babe with my name on a tight t-shirt, which showed off her great tits... she had done us all the courtesy of not wearing a bra. With her long red hair and a nose ring, I knew she’d definitely be the one I’d bang after the gig. But as I started my epic drum roll intro, it wasn’t Miss Nipples that got me going. Our singer, Zak turned towards the back of the stage and caught my eye. He gave me a wink that sent shivers down my spine and into my crotch. And there the guilty pleasure lay throughout the gig. After the gig, I spotted Miss Nipples hanging about backstage. A minute later, she was pressed up against the wall of my dressing room. She didn’t have to say a word, I knew what she wanted. A quick shag with a famous rock star, and then she could get to fuck. My hands caressed her thighs, her tight stomach, her enormous breasts. It didn’t take a lot of effort before the tiny t-shirt with my name on was on the floor. Her hands were stroking my crotch, unzipping my jeans. Before I knew it, she was on her knees. There was no mistaking it, I was hard. She gave a soft moan as she slipped my boxers down past my ass, she wanted it. So I let her have it. My hands were in her hair as she lightly kissed around my abdomen, teasing me. She laughed as I pushed her down towards my cock, now I wanted it. Badly. Then she looked at me, straight in the eye and as I looked down on her she began to lick like a kitten. At the feeling of her tongue on my dick I let out a gasp and pulled at her hair more tightly. I then felt her sliding her hand up my thigh, and around my cock as she closed her mouth around it. Just at that point, my dressing room door opened. “Hey Jay, great show man that intro was just - ” Zak looked at me, then to the slut

It was Friday and nobody else was at home but me and the housekeeper guy. His name was Elmer and he wasn’t that hot, but something in me just yearned to touch him and feel my hands all over his body. Sometimes when he swept, he did it shirtless and I was always somewhere near looking at him as he did it. I’ve been confused with what I felt for him since the day he came inside my house to work. He didn’t have the chiseled looks, the rock hard abs, or any qualities that would grab my attention. The thing was, I just craved to feel his body on top of me and his cock inside of me. “Hey, Elmer,” I greeted him. “Hi, John,” he smiled, and damn if I could only taste those lips with mine feel my tongue with his. “Where’s Maya?” I asked. Maya was our laundry woman. I didn’t see her often enough, but I just wanted to make sure it was just Elmer and I inside the house so I could pull my plans in action. “Oh, Maya went home early. Don’t worry, she already finished hanging the laundries and would put the in your tomorrow.” He answered. “Okay the. So it’s just you and me here?” I giggled. Damn I was terrible at flirting. “Yeah. Just you and me.” I left him to finish his job mopping the floor. As I trotted away I couldn’t help laughing at myself at how perfect this was. My cock was getting hard, and I couldn’t wait to taste him. Elmer was older than me by 6 years and I think that’s what’s turning me on. The thought of some older guys getting their way with me sparked my libido to amazing extents. I waltzed into my room and pulled out my little black box from under the bed. I was a submissive at heart. I love the feel of big men using me and I serving them with anything they want. So far, I didn’t meet the perfect guy. I know Elmer isn’t a Dom. He’ll, he’s as vanilla as you can get. And he’s kinda religious, too. The thought of corrupting the guy was just tempting and don’t I just love delving to temptation. My little black box had all I ever needed. I pulled out the cock pluck and 

BIG FUCKING DISCLAIMER: Some people thought my tone was a bit dickish in this disclaimer, so please bear in mind that that's not my intention. First: this story is EVEN WORSE than its predecessors, although it's a much shorter and far less descriptive. As usual, expect scat, but this time expect EVEN MORE COLD-BLOODED torture and abuse. Second, this is a work of FICTION, and I in no way condone ACTUALLY DOING any of these things! The people who made Die Hard aren't bank robbers in real life, it's JUST A STORY. Third, and I really can't emphasize this enough : while all the tags are accurate, this is primarily a SNUFF story! It features MUTILATION, MURDER, and TRULY HORRIFIC IDEAS ABOUT TORTURING PEOPLE. Please, PLEASE only read on if you're convinced that only the most DEPRAVED and utterly BRUTAL SEXUAL VIOLENCE will satisfy you! Kevin locked the basement door, and walked back downstairs. He flicked the wall switch, and the lone, bare, 100-watt bulb dangling from the center of the ceiling came to life, illuminating his handiwork. It had been a long journey to this point. His highschool girlfriend, Jennifer, had been slow to have children with her husband, forcing Kevin to wait longer than he would have preferred. He had amused himself in the meantime, but he had never lost sight of his plans; indeed, they had only grown more elaborate and well-defined over the last six years. But now, finally, the daughter had been born. He would have had to drastically change his plans if there had never been a daughter, but he had left little to chance. He had visited their home many times with chemicals and syringes in the dead of night, forcing two miscarriages before he got the child he needed. The baby girl lay in a crib on the floor, her skin pale and silken-smooth, her hair already almost black. But the child was on display for her mother's benefit, not his - infants held no interest for him. He turned his attention to Jenny, who was fastened to the wall, her face bruised fr

WARNING ! All of my writing is intended for adults over the age of 18 ONLY . Stories may contain strong or even extreme sexual content. All people and events depicted are fictional and any resemblance to persons living or dead is purely coincidental. Actions, situations, and responses are fictional ONLY and should not be attempted in real life. All characters involved in sexual activity in this story are over the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18 or do not understand the difference between fantasy and reality or if you reside in any state, province, nation, or tribal territory that prohibits the reading of acts depicted in these stories, please stop reading immediately and move to somewhere that exists in the twenty-first century. Archiving and reposting of this story is permitted, but only if acknowledgment of copyright and statement of limitation of use is included with the article. This story is copyright (c) 2022 by The Technician. Individual readers may archive and/or print single copies of this story for personal, non-commercial use. Production of multiple copies of this story on paper, disk, or other fixed format is expressly forbidden. = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = * * * * * * * * * * * * My Master is making me write this story about my latest punishment. He says he will make me read it out loud at the next munch as a warning to all of the other slaves to behave and listen to their Masters. He doesn’t punish me very often, partly because he thinks I like it. He said to tell the absolute truth in this, so I guess I have to admit that if it’s a spanking, I usually do like it. Sometimes when he spanks me, I like it a lot. Oh, that makes me tingle just saying it. It is true. Sometimes I love being spanked. But Master has other punishments that I really don’t like at all. Sometimes, if I have been bad, he will make me take myself almost there and then make me stop. He will watch me squirm and listen to me plead to be allowed to cum. Then when I 

The following story is fiction and should not be taken literally in any way. This story deals with very dark and perverse subject matter, and I do not condone child abuse in any form. To be clear, while there are very sexual elements in this story, it is not meant to be spank material, but rather a hypothetical look at a psychopath and the depraved actions that cause severe psychological disorders in his children. Please consider the tags for this story before reading. This story deals with extremely disturbing concepts and is meant to be disturbing. If you do not have interest in these subjects, please stop reading now. I welcome constructive feedback about the story itself. However, any hate filled rants or personal attacks will be ignored. If you are looking for a cut & dry sex filled snuff story, this is not it. This story is long and in-depth. I tell you this, so you don’t waste your time. This is a reworked version of a previous story I posted on this site. I had originally used elements inspired from another author that I really like, but after careful consideration, I decided to try and come up with something I feel is more my own. ****************************************************************************** The Family from Redgrove Chapter 2 ****************************************************************************** Vicky was having a hard time sitting at the kitchen table from the pain in her ass. She picked at her steak and eggs, as Trish watched her warily. She still wasn’t sure about what they had just talked about, how could she be? In Vickies room, only minutes before, Trish had her hand on the back of her sister’s neck, holding her against the bed. Her face was next to Vicky’s ear as she said harshly, “Vicky are you crazy!? Do you understand that dad isn’t joking and really will kill you? He’s not even just going to kill you, he’s gonna do you just like the girls you’ve seen in the barn. Do have any idea how painful that’s gonna be? It’s gonna ma

Just like last time Ou - Chan Brutally rapes Ayames mouth, pussy and ass again and again and again, he cums massive amounts of sperm in all three of her holes and just like last time there's a pool of sperm on the ground. Ayame has lost count how many times Ou - Chan has raped her mouth, pussy and ass with his giant monster cock but like Merik told her Ou - Chan has infinte stamina and will never stop unless he's ordered to by a higher level demon. He's so big and strong and he easily lifts her off the ground every time he rapes and creampies her pussy and ass, her arms and legs dangling off the ground and just like last time Ou - Chans sperm keeps Ayame fully hydrated and well fed but also acts as a lubricant so her pussy and ass is constantly wet. Ou - Chan is holding her waist with his left hand and she's bent over, her arms and legs dangling off the ground as Ou - Chan brutally rapes her pussy when Ayame sees a portal open and both Rikimarue and Merik levitate through the portal and close it behind them. They watch as Ou - Chan cums deep inside Ayames pussy and then Merik seperates Ayame and Ou - Chan with a barrier and Rikimarue opens a portal and sends Ou - Chan away and then closes the portal. Ayame looks up at Rikimarue and Merik and says " Masters " and then collapses on the cum covered ground, Rikimarue lifts her off the ground with dark energy as Merik opens a portal back to Rikimarues house and all three go through. Rikimarue places her in the shower where the hot water washes off all the sperm that's covering her body, then placing her on the bed Merik touches her face again giving her another nightmare where her now adult Orc Son is raping her and impregnating her. In her dream Ayame is taking a long, hot shower when her now adult Orc Son knocks on the door and says " Mother I need to use the bathroom can I come in? ", Ayame says " Sure Son come in ", the door wasn't locked so her Orc Son opens the door and walks in, Ayame notices that he has a hulge b

Read the first chapter before this one thanks for reading :) I slept peacefully that night and woke early in the morning. I got dressed ate some food went to the bathroom brushed my teeth before finally deciding I was ready and padding to the basement door watching it accept my eye and swing open. I closed it before padding father down the hallway to watch her through the one way glass. She was awake that was for sure from my position on the glass I was inches away from her face. Her mascara and makeup was smeared across her face and dried up tears were laying on her face. I smiled growing hard in anticipation before going over to the padlocked door typing in the code padding in and closing it behind me. She must of heard it because she started struggling against her ties again pulling against her bonds to no avail. I stepped beside her bed and gently stroked her stomach before my hand moved up to her breast squeezing the tip until it hardened. I enjoyed watching her struggled as I twisted her other breast. I loved watching their pain and terror. While most males raped women for the power or feeling I did it to feel their fear and pain. I walked around the bed and pulled off her blindfold in a quick motion needing to see her eyes that held most of a persons emotion. I watched her trying to adjust to the light the fear showing clearly in her eyes as they adjusted. Her gaze wandered around the room and then they landed on me and she started to struggle again. I smiled down at her "were gonna have fun" I told her with a laugh "well I am anyway". And with that I walked to the bottom of the bed most people would start trying to teach her to obey right around now, but I didn't bother I liked them alive and kicking. I knelled between her legs and spread her lips wide before I licked her all the way down her pussy. I closed my eyes to savor the taste that I missed so much over the years. I stuck one finger into her quickly careful not to break her cherry and looked up into 

by Patryxk B. I just moved to this big apartment building. There are 6 floors and 20 apartments per floor. The price is kinda high because there is a big interior pool inside. So, anyone can swim at any day of the year between 7AM and 10PM. Even if I was in my mid-thirties, I was not a very good swimmer and hate to swim alone. So, it wasn't a big factor when I moved in here. Every day or so, I passed by it and looked to see if people were using the pool. I disliked it if there were too many strangers in the same pool that I went to. I was not into public swimming pools. And everyone here is a stranger to me. I didn't mingle with any of them and probably won't. I was kinda shy. The only people I knew were the old landlord and his wife. After a few weeks, I questioned myself about why I didn't use the pool yet? So, I planned a Wednesday evening to go swimming for an hour or so. Who knows, maybe it will become a habit. I choose 9 Pm, so I would be alone swimming. So, the time arrived, and didn't anticipate it much. I putted on my blue bathing suit (nothing under it of course) with a t-shirt. I also filled a bag with a pool towel and a pair of shorts. I got shoes with no socks and there I went. I often crossed people with bathing suits on. They never seem to mind going to the pool or come back still wearing their swimsuit. All tenants were used to it. For me, my swimsuit looked like a short, and I was wearing a T-Shirt, so I won't be embarrassed at all if I crossed tenants. The swimming pool is surrounded by glass walls and ceiling. I smelled strong chloride and the humidity level was pretty high. The pool is as big as an Olympic pool. No one around. Great. I touched the water with one toe, and its temperature was close to a sauna. I told myself that maybe I will do a few laps and stay around for a while. It is very boring all by myself. But at least, I will have peace with no kids around. I won't say ever to myself that I never used the pool. It will be very relaxing. 

The Corner Shop. Part 1 My name is Susan Smith. and I go to a mixed secondary modern school near London. I am fairly tall for my age with long blond hair and blue eyes like my mum, I suppose you could say I’m quite a pretty girl, possible a bit too slim but mum said that would change as I got older. I lived with my mum and my younger sister in a rented terraced house with a small garden in front, not that far from the school. So I was able to walk to school every day with my little sister. We’d lost our father a year ago, he’d had a heart attack, the doctor said, he was very young for something like that to happen, but that didn’t help to bring my dad back. Mum had a job in town and she was earning just enough money to keep us, but money was pretty tight and I didn’t get any pocket money. At the end of our road was a corner shop that sold just about everything, the proprietor was a Mr. Hassan, He was Indian or Pakistani, quite old and a bit fat, bald headed and he had a gray mustache. I didn’t like Hassan, he was sort of slimy and when I was in his shop. he always use to stare at my legs, I knew my school skirt was a bit short and in the last six months I’d gotten taller, mum was going to get me a new one but she just couldn’t afford it at the moment. Mum had an account at the shop and often I would get the list of everything she needed and then mum would pay for all the groceries at the end of the month when she got her wages Things went seriously wrong when she became ill and lost her job. Mum was now bed ridden and the doctor said it would be a long time before she got better. The corner shop bill hadn’t been paid for two weeks; I didn’t want to go down there anymore because Mr Hassan kept asking for the money. But mum was insistent that I went and got some food, she wrote a note for Mr. Hassain telling him that a friend of hers was going to help and she would be able to pay the entire bill next week. Mr. Hassan was very dubious, I had to sign some papers, which 

After a long 8 or so hour sleep, I came back into the room and found a guy dick slapping Stephanie, then making her suck him off. There was still 32 cocks left for her to suck off and she was already giving up. She was crying uncontrollably. "Please, I've sucked enough! I've been sucking for hours, my lips can't do it anymore! Just let me go!" she begged. "Then don't suck, just deep throat!" I said and laughed. "Also I've swallowed too much cum! There is too much in my stomach, I think I'm gonna..." she said and hurled, and thus puked semen onto the floor. I estimated it was about half of what was in her. Thank god the floor was marble, carpet would have absorbed it and it would have been lost. I walked up to her and grabbed her by the hair, dropped her to the ground, and pinned her face on the cum-filled floor. "You just puked like half of what you've swallowed, I can't have that. Swallow every fucking drop off the floor or I will have these guys rape you." "But you only said I had to swallow it, not keep it in my stomach!" she pleaded. "Well too fucking bad! Drink it!" I yelled at her then slapped her in the face. “Okay! You don’t have to hit me!” She said as she burst in tears once again as she started licking and slurping it off the floor. Her hands were still cuffed to her back. It was A LOT of cum. She was actually forced to swallow 168 loads of cum as I was sleeping! So I estimate the floor had 84 loads of cum she had just puked out! "This is going to take way too fucking long, the last 32 guys, just jack off into a glass and make her drink the 32 loads from there!" I told them. They all did and they filled the glass more than half way with pure semen. I slammed the cup on a table next to her. After you're done with the floor, drink that fucking cup of cum." After she finished swallowing all the semen off the floor, I held the cup up to her and said "Come on, this is the last of it and you're free to go." She shut her eyes as I poured it into her mouth. It to

About 17 years later out of the blue I shot him and email with my phone number in it saying shoot me a text some time I’d love to catch up. A few days went by and I heard nothing. Then one day I was sitting in the office working and I got a text “hi stranger, glad you reached out. Would love to reconnect some time”. I responded immediately. Then he asked what I was doing for lunch. Lunch? I never take a lunch break I thought. So I said “hopefully sucking your cock” Within seconds he responded “meet me at the air park and I’ll show you my airplane and we can catch up”. It’s a date! I exclaimed and went back to work. The long drive to the air park gave me lots of time to think about to all the fun we had had years ago. I arrived and eventually spotted his red truck... same truck from 17 years earlier. I jumped out and called out for George. He popped his head out of his airplane and called me over. It wasn’t a fancy plan, but just a basic two seater. It scared the shit out of me really. He invited me in, so I climbed in and took a seat next to him. We reacquainted ourselves and got caught up laughing and joking around. “Why don’t we go for a short flight? Would you like that?” He asked. Uhhhh sure I guess so I replied. Off we went. Once we were up in the air and cruising high above the ground George looked at me and said “have you ever fantasized about sucking a cock this high in the air?” As I smirked I noticed him unzipping his jeans and began to wiggle them down. “You obviously want me to suck you off” I said. He said nothing. Just reached out and guided my hand to his cock. It immediately started to thicken up without me doing anything. I slowly stroked it while looking out and taking in the view. Then I felt his hand on my head. He quickly guided my head to his thick hard 5” cock. As I licked the tip I flashed back to 15yr old me tasting this very cock for the very first time. I didn’t waste another second and deep throated all of him. I kept gagging and I could 

( I'd suggest watching Taimanin Asagi and Taimanin Yukikaze to understand better.) Chapter 1: The new Lord Black. When he had first met the mysterious woman known as Oboro, he had not known what to make of her. After all a woman( no matter how beautiful she may be) who appeared before you in a tight fitting Kunoichi outfit, wielding a pair of VERY sharp fist claws would make any man nervous. Having such a woman pledge herself to one’s self was perhaps not something any man should allow. But in the end, she had. And he had accepted. She called him “Black-sama”. Apparently it was the name of the father he never knew. He was dead. He didn’t really mind whatever it was that she called him. Not after she had thoroughly beaten up the gang of 5 bullies that had been threatening him since he started High school. It was an amazing yet scary sight to see ten strong men get beaten up by a violet haired and violet eyed beauty in a tight fitting red skirt suit that showed off all her curves in all the right places as her silk stocking covered legs sent bullies flying with sharp and heavy kicks that broke many a bone. The image of beauty was only broken by the sound of 5 pairs of testicles being burst under the sharp red heels of his professed servant. It was only then that he had realized this woman’s true nature as she gently led him away from the now destroyed males. It would show throughout the whole time she was with him. Arrogant. Cruel. Selfish. Vindictive. Violent. And yet utterly devoted to her master. As well as being an utter whore for him. And thus began life for 18 year old Ryuzaki Black, Demon lord. &&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&& Ryuzaki walked quietly into his apartment in the more affluent part of Dark isle, the mysterious island that had appeared just next to Tokyo seemingly overnight. It had taken many brides and exchange of favors to get the island ready, many a demon 

I’m not too happy though at this point ... its 5am and I’m about to plug in and listen to what I am sure will be more reason to be pissed... to be continued......And so I listened and I got feedback from her, Although there was a lot of talking in between, this guy managed to fuck her 4 separate times and cumming 3 of them. She says he only nutted twice. Only twice she says! But listening to it, he clearly did 3 times. Regardless, a 4 hour visit that he fucked her for more than 3 hours of it. The last part he started out having her suck him but then sounded like he flipped her over and did that new turbo jackhammer thing on her for a solid 25 minutes before emptying his balls in her beat up pussy. So, I have been getting mine too. It doesn’t feel the same anymore at all. I mean it was never tight but once I’m in her, within 2 minutes I am fucking useless .She has been converted. I know she can feel him because he still makes comment how her pussy is sucking his cock. Anyway, I got mine Sat, Sun, but Monday and Tues none for anyone but this morning he texted her wanting some morning pussy wrapped around his morning wood. She told him she was at work so I am pretty sure she might have plans tonight.... keep you all posted. Wednesday July 11t2018h 9pm She is back over there and I am sitting here what next..? I will say that earlier she was being a bitch saying she was frustrated. She gets the text and basically informs me she is going. We havnt fucked for over a week. So I listened to the assault on her pussy, I cant begin to tell you how many times she came, lets just say he can make her cum at will and she is a fucking sprinkler when he makes her cum . So as I was listening she starts sucking my dick and was humiliating me as she did it saying I was tiny and my dick is a joke. She sucked it for maybe 20 seconds and then sat on me just to get frustrated all over again. After like 5 minutes she gets off of me and tells me to handle it. She then grabs her dildos and doe

I was in my mid 20s at the time. I lived alone and had recently come out of a long-ish term relationship when it became apparent that she was not going to leave her fiancé for me after all. The sex was intense but vanilla, and I wanted more than was on offer, so I decided it was time to move on. Next door to me lived Paula, about the same age as me, a good catholic girl and still a virgin for sure. She let her spare room to Andrea, who was definitely not a good catholic girl. Andrea was a couple of years younger than me, fun to be around and always had a smile on her face. She had already been places and done things, and with a glass or two of wine inside her was happy to tell all with a twinkle in her eye. She was around 5’7”, with curly brunette hair cut short. Very slim and fit, she used to run regularly. Her arse was tight and her tits small. I don’t think she ever wore a bra, her nipples were usually on show, looking quite big and often erect. So there I was, young and single. It was a small town, not that easy to find someone new and I was still reflecting on what had gone wrong with my previous relationship, not able to see yet that I was much better off out of it. Paula and I used to go out for a drink on a Sunday night, and Andrea would join us if she was around. This Sunday I knocked on the door at around 7pm and Andrea answered. Sure, she fancied a drink, let her grab her coat. Paula was away so it was just the two of us. It was a warm summer’s evening and we walked into town to our usual pub and settled down, a beer for me and wine for Andrea. We hadn’t seen each other for a couple of weeks and there was quite a bit to catch up on. Andrea said ‘Has Paula told you, I’m moving?’ – she hadn’t, this was news to me, and a shame. She was moving out the following weekend, moving away from the area for a new start. But why? I wondered, as I went to the bar for another couple of drinks for us both. Andrea seemed fairly settled with her man and in her career. I as

On the Friday after Thanksgiving, I received a call from Jason telling me I needed to be their designated driver again. I told him I was free and what time was to start picking everyone up. He gave me the game plan of picking everyone up. Well, if you read the first driver story you know I won the guys a bet with some girls as I arrived to the bar naked which was to just prove I was going commando to the bar. I figured that they had something like that going on again so when I went into my garage before I even left home, I removed all my clothes and put them in the trunk. At 7pm, I arrived at Jason’s house and pulled into the driveway and blew the horn to let him know I was there. After about 5 minutes, A woman came out and up to my window and told me Jason would be ready in 5 minutes and that I was to come in. I told her that I would just wait in the car for him. It then dawned on her that I appeared to not have a shirt on and came closer to the window. She demanded I put the window all the way down. I did and she started laughing and asking why I was naked. I asked her if Jason told her about the last guy’s night out and she said she just started seeing Jason a week ago. So, I informed her of what I did and she said that I am a good friend for them but she wanted me to come on in. I got out of the car and went into the house just as Jason came downstairs ready to go and he said, what the heck, where are your clothes and I said in the trunk as I figured you guys needed me naked again. He looked at Janet, his new girlfriend and she said that I told her about it. Jason then to Janet to slap my dick 12 times, 4 on each side. She did and we then left and I ask Jason if I should get dressed and he said hell no. We pulled into Nick’s house and before I could even hit the horn, Jason told me to just get out and go to the door and knock. I had no idea who Nick lived with but some other guy answered the door and just yelled out to Nick, there is a naked man looking for you 

This story is a parody of the TV show Shake It Up. The following story takes place during the episode "Boot It Up". If you do not watch the show, or you have not seen the episode, you will still be able to enjoy the story. It takes place following the lunch scene where Rocky discovers her meal might not be catered to her vegetarian tastes. Would you assist her in finding food which caters to that taste? Remember, she is not a vegan, so she could swallow anything you have her milk out. Alright, Camp Counselor, I think that Rocky requires your assistance in finding food more suited to her unique vegetarian tastes. You have brought her into the kitchen, and no one is around because they are all outside eating or serving food. You are all alone with Rocky, and you would like to show her a healthy protein-rich meal. You unzip yourself and reveal your special pastry bag to the teenager. Your special meal dispenser fills with both excitement and a creamy meal for your camper. You want nothing more than to have this girl suck down your nutritious meal. You have her grab your member full of delicious white goo. You tell her that she ought to tug on it in order to receive her meal. She is not too sure at first, because she would like to make sure it is okay for her, a vegetarian, to ingest your special sauce. You explain to her that while your meal is indeed made from a mammal, it is not made out of one and is therefore safe for vegetarians like her to eat. Vegans need not apply. So, as Rocky is the only one suitable to swallow your special meal, she continues tugging, but with all of that tugging she has barely produced any sustenance. There are only slight drops of the meal you promised her on the tip of the head of your nozzle. Rocky gets to her knees with the cock right at her face level. She ever so slowly opens her mouth and her tongue begins to tap the head. The pressure from her tongue unleashes a slight bit more juices from the nozzle, as saliva and man juice fall to

T.V.'s Brothers and Sisters: A revised episode. Introduction: In a recent episode of the TV drama, 'Brothers and Sisters', Kitty (Calista Flockhart) and Nora (Sally Field) are attending a charity function to do with raising funds for a cancer cause. Kitty is hiding out in a washroom because her hair has just started to fall out because of chemotherapy she is receiving for her lymphoma. Nora approaches the door and begs her daughter to come out. I have altered the scenario that they have been kidnapped and are being held in my secret location far and away from any prying eyes or attentive ears. The story starts with Nora calling Kitty. Page 1. More than half an hour had passed since the last of her daughter's whimpering had subsided which was an hour after her screams were at their fiercest. I finally permitted her mother, Nora, to stand outside the unlocked bathroom door where Kitty hid inside. Hid inside from any further abuse from me, their kidnapper and her earlier tormentor. Nora knocked ever so softly. 'Kitty. Kitty, it's your mother. I want you to come out.' There was complete silence as we both waited for a response, me in heightened anticipation. Such mother daughter moments were precious and irreplaceable. Nora knocked slightly louder and faster. 'Kitty, please come out. Come out or I'll come in instead.' Kitty objected quickly. 'No, Mom, no. Don't come in.' 'Why? Why not sweetheart? Why?' 'Please Mom, please, because, because I don't want you to see me. Not this way. Is he still out there? Is he out there with you? I don't want you to see what he did to me.' Nora directed her mother's instinctive fury my way. 'You bastard. What did you do to my daughter? How did you make her scream? You filthy bastard. What did you do to her? Why doesn't she want me to see her?' I was prepared for her anger, for her resistance, in that I had my trusty twenty-two pistol in hand, the one I'd used to kidnap them with several hours earlier and two hundred miles removed. I'd gr

I completed my schooling from the boarding school and my sexual encounters were more random, both in and out. It was when I was in my home-town that I would go to the brothel with my cuz and in the boarding school, I found more than my friends…. Though our school was co-ed , the authority made sure that the contact between either sex was minimal. In reality we hardly ever met the girls. The girls had their own playground and studied in different classrooms. To cut a long story short we had no or very limited chance to meet a girl, let alone , have sex. Now , How the hell did I get lucky? Keep reading, u will know…. Now that I had sex with girls, it was not at all comfortable for me to have anal encounters with my friends. I minimized my sexual activities. I was not happy. It bothered me to have sexual intercourses with someone of same sex, but often gave in to my friend’s request because of my own urges. I was desperate to have sex with a woman. My studies took the toll because my desperation and I failed in Chemistry in the mid-term examination. By default, I was enrolled to special classes. Our chemistry teacher was a middle-aged lady who was raising a son all by herself. She was short but flaunted a mesmerizing figure under her dress. Each time she would raise her arms to write something on the board the whole class would ogle at her breasts and often you could hear sighs. It was often that my friends would walk upto her desk to submit or show a classwork and would intentionally brush their arms/ elbows to her breast. I never liked that and would often protest. I was also teased to have a crush on my chemistry teacher. She was a fine lady but somehow I had a mental block against the “sex with teacher” way of thinking. I liked her and so did she. She was very offended with my result and very disappointed to find that I was the only guy who has failed her class in the mid-term. So, without any choice I was scheduled to have special classes in the evening. The teach

Happy Saint Patrick's day dear viewers. And what a night yesterday! My plan was to totally ignore Saint Patrick and enjoy a relaxed Saturday evening at home with a glass of wine, listening to some chill out music and broadcasting a chaturbate show. But my crazy friends Sarah and Tina texted me about this Saint Patrick big party in this big venue in outskirts of Brussels. I cannot say no to them, I have already cancelled many parties with them (mostly for my chaturbate and man-hunting duties) so I agree to join. We are three girls and me: best friend Sarah, her younger sister Tina and some colleague of Sarah. We arrive to the venue, its a big pub converted into a party place: beer in plastic glasses, British pop mostly and drunk straight rednecks! Chances of finding a man for me are non-existent.. but so are for the girls, all the guys look disgustingly fat, ugly and uneducated and the girls cheap and easy. I discreetly check my grindr and I realize I am pretty much alone. So fuck the manhunting thing, tonight I am going to party like a married straight man: I buy a jar of beer for the girls and me and we start laughing at people and dancing to the shitty music. Soon it is Sarah and her colleague sitting and drinking talking about their work issues and Tina and me gay-dancing. Tina is bisex but she loves the scenes, she dressed like the type of straight girl who parties in gay bars every weekend and boys adore her. We are dancing close and I feel her temperature is high. This means she is horny, I know Tina. Soon we are kissing and I am tasting her cherry lipstick. We usually kiss in the gay bars: helps me get boys to think I am more macho and she gets her share of fun. I notice guys stay away from Tina, probably my non-gay-looking clothes makes them think she is my girl or maybe they are too drunk to give a shit. One way or another, Tina tastes good tonight and the beer helps me on the mood. We have a toilet break and I get few minutes to check the deserter landscap

My mom worked nights and sometimes if my step-dad or grandparents were unavailable, she would leave me with her old friend (Brenda) from her old high school. Brenda had a daughter (Shay)who was my age and a son who was a 2 years older (Dante). Brenda was the kind of mom who was either drunk or strung out most of the time; she would park herself in front of the TV and either zone out or fall asleep for hours. When I was at their house taking a bath before bed Dante would sneak into the bathroom and stare at me when I was in the tub. Sometimes he would help rub soap all over my body. Sometimes he would still his hand down his pants and move it slowly up and down. Brenda would usually have us go to bed around 9pm and she would go to her room and pass out in front of the TV in there. I slept on the couch when I was with them. One night after everyone had gone to bed I was laying on the couch playing with my pussy under the blanket (I played with myself a lot growing up). Around 10pm I heard someone come in to the living room, I pulled my hands out of my panties and I kept my eyes closed so I didn't get in trouble for being awake. Whoever it was kneeled down near me. I felt the blanket being pulled back so I tried to stay lipm in case Brenda was was seeing if I was really asleep. My nightgown had ridden up from me playing with myself so my tummy and panties were exposed. The cool air from the lack of blanket made me want to tense but I did my best to stay limp. Then I felt fingertips at the edge of my panties. They slid their hand over my warm bald pussy and ran a finger down the slit. I sighed and the hand pulled away. I pretended to be asleep hoping that they would continue but whoever it was hurried out of the dark room. I laid there scared and thrilled because someone was playing with me the way I liked to play with myself but I was scared because I didn't know what member of the household did it. I thought that it was probably Dante, but Shay and I had often explore

Snow White. the true story. by Miss Irene Clearmont. The wordsmith sits amongst her voluminous black velvet robes and blue silk and pauses before relating her tale. A mask of ivory, edged with ebony sits easily in her hand. It is the mark of her devotion to the muse Melpomene. She is an older woman, still attractive and alluring despite her fifty years. She sighs as she allows her mind to wander over the details of the saga that she is about to divulge. She speaks… ***** Once upon a time a king ruled a small land, north of the Alps, but south of the places where the Vikings blood their sudden axes. The King of this small but pleasant land ruled with a generous heart, dispensing justice with an even hand to rich and poor, titled and peasant. Not every citizen was always happy with their lot, but when they looked over their frontiers at the wars and raids, the plagues and disasters in other lands, they were generally of the opinion that they had been lucky to be born in such a sea of tranquility. But the king’s past was thick with tragedy. His beloved wife had died at the birth of his daughter and he felt bereft of her glowing presence. However, to balance this loss, the star in the crown jewels of his kingdom was his sumptuous daughter. With an alabaster complexion, raven black locks of hair that draped to her waist and a figure that all agreed was most alluring, she filled court life with the rays of her beauty and courtly disposition. The only lacks that the king had, was a son to take up the burden and responsibility of the kingdom and a wife to make the court ceremonial complete and take the empty space in his bed at night. So the time came for the king to find a bride. With the security of his realm in mind, he sent emissaries to the neighboring kingdoms near and far announcing that he sought a queen to sit on the throne by his side. Many Kings, Bishops and Princes offered a daughter or niece and sent them to the king to win his heart. They passed through the co

Please give a positive vote and comment! Chapter 1 The sun was shining with the intensity of mid-summer, while it was only late spring in the English countryside. The land was full of life, for it had been five years since the end of the Black Plague. All across Europe, farmers who had originally been peasants under their barons were now free to claim land for their own and live without being controlled. But while there was the peace of low population and lush farmlands bringing about new life and new generations, there was a great terror that refused to go silently in the night. Flying along the clouds was a mighty dragon, glistening as brightly as a polished ruby as he glided effortlessly across the sky. While still relatively young, the beast had reached full maturity in both experience and strength. The dragon’s torso alone was the size of six horses, with the addition of his long neck and tail more than tripling his overall length. His limbs were long and powerful enough to knock aside houses with a single sweep and each wing could be used as a king’s pavilion. Each red scale was the size of a human hand, his golden eyes were as large as melons with black slits for pupils, and his jaws could snap up even the largest bull and then split it in half with mere bite-force. The dragon’s form could be considered a combination of several different animals’ characteristics. As expected, its skeleton was much like other lizards (iguanas and Komodo dragons) though it also had a large limb-to-body length ratio, much like a canine. Its most striking skeletal feature was the human-like characteristics, allowing for very prominent flexibility and the ability to take very specific poses if it desired. Down below, a winery basked in the early-afternoon warmth. Walking among the aisles of grapevines was the farmer’s daughter, humming in relaxed joy with a full basket hanging from her arm. Her name was Marian and she was the pride of her family, a young woman with long blonde hai

SELLING SARAH - PART 2 My names Damian Walsh. I was a happy highschool kid until this morning, when my younger sister, Sarah, decided to blackmail me for a precious 50 bucks. Although, come to think of it, I am still a happy highschool kid. Only now, i've got my 50 bucks back, and am holding my friend's camcorder. My friend, John - Hes a good friend. And he just decided to go downstairs to get a drink, which is why I am holding this camcorder. Oh, right. That over there on the bed is what my friends camcorder has spent the past hour taping. Its my younger sister, Sarah. Currently, she's laying like a half-dead fish across my bed. Me an' my buddies decided to blackmail HER to get my $50 back. But when you've got a beutiful girl of 15 naked infront of you... would you stop? Of course you wouldn't. So, after having our fun, we sold her out to a number of our friends. They're currently downstairs getting drunk off their asses and watching reruns of my sister losing her virginity. And this "Half-Dead" fish is about to get thrown back into the fire. Which brings us back to the present, at which time the doors a-opening and in comes a-walking our next customer. Much to my sister and I's mutual astonishment, it was "Foxy" Fergus (Named for his flaming red hair). Fergus was the school geek; everyone picked on him - That is, of course, everyone exept me... I always felt kind of sorry for him. "Hi there, Damian," he said quietly, "I have the £20... Here you go." I took the money and sat back in my chair, twiddling it between my fingers. "Thanks Fergus - She's all yours." I said, smiling. He continued in his quiet voice, "I'd also like it taped... If thats alright." I was getting rather used to this - and quiet enjoying it. "Sure, man - But that'll be an extra £10" I said. Fergus produced the money. "Is it alright with you if i'm the camera man, Fergus? It wouldn't be awkward for you, would it?" I said, setting up the tape. Fergus almost smiled, concidering how awkward the situ

Darian snapped his fingers again to command the rattling chains to release Roxanna's wrists from hanging from the ceiling. He needn't have worried about the princess escaping just then, despite her feisty spirit of rebellion. The girl collapsed unceremoniously to the stone floor, too sore to move a muscle, much less leap to her feet and run. Only her eyes moved, the bright unsettling green of their irises flickering from behind her eyelashes beaded with sweat, and she watched him with shallow clouded breaths from behind her gag as Darian strode calmly around the cave. A bubbling sound registered in her ears then. There was a spring inside the cave, she remembered. Roxanna must have closed her eyes longer than a second, because the next thing she knew she was shocked by the feel of Darian's hands under her armpits, dragging her across the rocks somewhere. She could only manage a sharp whimper. Then she was rolling across hot gravel - and a wall of ice hit her and sucked the scream out of her lungs. Panic flashed through Roxanna's eyes. She had no time to draw in air before her chest and her head fully disappeared below the water. It was freezing, it was like a thousand knives thrusting home into her skin. Her body writhed madly below the surface. Darian's chuckle echoed through the cave. "I had forgotten, your pathetic human senses are much less adaptive than mine," he mused. He stepped into the spring then and waded effortlessly to where his captive was struggling in vain not to drown. His torso cut a hissing path of steam in the water, evidence of how his skin burned in comparison to the icy waves. Roxanna felt Darian's slick arms circle around her breasts and finally, finally heave her up. She came up and gasped raggedly for air, nostrils quivering. Her teeth chattered, but only momentarily, because her captor's skin was swiftly heating up the water around them. She nearly tried to thank him. It was fortunate the cold had somehow shocked the voice out of her. But 

Peeping Monster Summer had noticed a man watching her from the across the way of her apartment building. A few nights she caught him staring at her. After that he shut his light off but kept the shades open. He was a tall, handsome but dark looking man. And she would always wear something sexy or make sure she was change in that window. Which was fairly easy seeing as not many people lived in the building. A small building at the village of town. Her apartment was facing the trees and had a beautiful view of the forest surrounding. Tonight she decided to put on a show for her little peeping tom. She saw some movement in a tree in the courtyard. And something shine. Binoculars she thought. She knew it was him. And that he wanted a better view then from three stories up. Right on level So she decided to dress up. "Mr. peeping Tom, your in for a big surprise." she said smiling to herself. Hunger. Stay out of sight. Thoughts of a monster long since forgotten. Its skin a pale stone white. Its teeth large and sharp. Its eyes buldging and bloodshot with not pupils. But humanoid. Hair wiry and not much left. This creature that hibernates most of the time. Had been feeding on animals from this building. Mostly by sneaking into an open window and grabbing the animal. The past few nights people had been closing their windows in fear of there little critter being take. But this night an old woman weont for a walk with her four dogs. It feed well. And it knew no one would believe the old wentch. But it still had hunger. It still wanted more blood and flesh in its gullet. It watched patiently from a few bushes in back of thr building. It scanned for windows to be open. Its eyes peering from one to the next. Nearly none of the windows even open nor lit. Suddenly its eyes opened to the second story. A women lifting her window and taking a few steps back. Its eyes glued to the window for any weakness. Its eyes stared blanklessly. In the window there was a woman. Bloody lips. Blood a

I had left Credo to his flashback, or whatever it was. My lust and powerful new urge to impregnate as many women as possible, causing me to run rampant through the neighbour hood. No one above the age of eighteen were safe, my pheromones penetrated the air, clouding all rational thought and leading them to me, where they were magically altered and fucked until they became moaning heaps of pregnant bodies. As for the males I implanted the suggestion of bringing more legal women back to me. I trotted along the street in centaur form, carrying a heavily pregnant Madi on my back. She had practically soaked my fur in her juices, cumming everytime I did. I was also fucking another woman, my tentacles keeping her aloft as my cock penetrated deeper than any human ever could, it's head and shaft bulging obscenely from her normally taut stomach. I wasn't going anywhere in particular, I was just walking along, taking any woman of legal age I came across. I did a quick count in my head, and estimated that I had implanted more than thirty women with hundreds of demonic spawn. In fact they should be birthing them any minute now. (Third Person) Credo left the house in a frenzy. He needed to bring Lisa to her senses, otherwise she would end up like him, a servant to the demon king, with no memories of life before hand. He wouldn't let that happen, even if it killed him. Credo felt different now, as though something burned within him, something other than lust, and a need to murder or maim anything in sight. Was this love? He thought, knowing that he was also regaining some of his more angelic properties, such as his wings, which were currently the size of a chickens, but were growing rapidly. He stopped outside the house, sensing the coming of many demons. He looked around, but there was nothing. It was silent, not even a bird chirped, nor did the wind blow through the trees. Suddenly a scream pierced the silence, coming from the house, specifically the living room. Running back in

My Father's Boss. This is my first attempt at writing since I lost my dear friend and editor. After being encouraged by multiple people to finally take the plunge I eventually wrote this story after may attempts at other, which are still to be completed. I hope you like my story and I shall continue to grow as a writer, becoming better as I learn from my mistakes and your criticisms. This story is completely fictitious, any characters or scenes resembling actually persons or incidents are purely coincidental. Thank you in advance for reading. --------------- There was a very important company gala coming up, a formal black tie event; my father needed a plus one. My mother has been away for the past three months taking care of my grandmother across the country. I was the last person he wanted to take to the event, and the gala was the last place on earth I wanted to be. I am more the type of girl that goes to rock concerts and biker bars. I have always felt more comfortable in a black tank top and split jeans. I could never have seen myself in a gown with earrings; the thought of it was foreign. My father had asked every woman that he knew before he finally came to ask me, that night, while we were sitting at the dinner table. “Cara?” he paused. “Yeah, dad?” I looked up at him from my plate of homemade lasagne. “You know I've got that thing coming up, and mum usually comes with me…” “Yeah…” I stared at him. “Well I know it's not your 'scene' but would you like to come with me as my plus one, honey? You’d be a lifesaver,” he asked, knowing I would say no. “Sure! But I get to pick what I’m wearing and you pay for it, okay?” I told him firmly. “I will let you choose but I will have the final choice and no drama!” A flash of seriousness crossed his face that I had not seen in many years. I rolled my eyes and nodded in agreement. We chatted as we finished the rest of dinner discussing different things from what I should wear, to when it was, what it was for, and of course

Welcome to my first story on this site! Comment your thoughts down below (I love reader interaction) and let me know if this got you off/when in the story you came. It is a shorter story but still, enjoy! It is late one night. Becky is lying naked alone in her dorm room. The dorm is girls-only of course. She is masturbating; she has not cum in a long time. She is small framed, skinny, and small breasted but her skin is smooth and her shape is pure. Her breasts are just large enough to hang, perkily from her pale chest. She is lying back on the bed looking at the ceiling. Beneath her round bottom she has laid out a clean white towel to catch any potential juices so her roommate won’t know. Already, the towel beneath her is soaked. Her eyes are closed (the room is dark) and her legs are bent up towards her head in order to give her better access to her salivating pussy. She has one finger in her pink folds. The others massage lightly around her labia. She is blissfully unaware of her surroundings, consumed by the heat emanating from her mound. A man enters the room. He is 6’0, with a chiseled jaw, hard-set eyes and a thin frown. He makes no sound as he enters. Becky lies innocent before him. When she briefly opens her eyes she does not see him. He can see, through her short blond hair, that her eyes are the largest, most beautiful eyes he has ever seen. He begins to strip off his clothes. Becky is even more consumed in her fantasy now. She has plugged two fingers into her warm tunnel and when she slowly gyrates them in and out of her pussy he can see that they are glistening with moisture. He, now fully naked, climbs onto her bed. Becky registers a slight dip in the mattress but nothing more. She continues. He stands above her head for one moment, slowly stroking his cock. He waits until she opens her mouth to gasp for air and then in one swift motion he shoves his cock down her throat until it is buried to the balls. Becky’s eyes fly open and the man groans. As she g

As Jason woke up, he had the feeling he was still dreaming. All the things that happened yesterday were going through his head. He had a massive morning wood and lay in his bed, slowly stroking his dick. His first time was with his mom. He licked his sister's pussy and asshole and it felt amazing. As he’s sunken in the thoughts, his door opens and Sophia walks in. She smiled as she saw his hard cock and sat beside him on the bed. She wore normal street clothes but she looked gorgeous. “Hi big man, are you staying at home today?” she asked and reached out to gently stroke his dick. “Mhh.. yeah i think so. I don’t have a game today and the weather isn’t that great to do something outside.” He enjoyed her touches and relaxed. “You are lucky! I have to go shopping with Laura and I can't even tell her about the fun we have at home. I am sure she would join us, but Mom and Dad don’t want to rush things and play it safe.” “So you tell me Laura would be into this stuff too?” His cock was rock hard and throbbing. He always had a little crush on Laura. Sophia giggles and tells him about the sexual experience they had together. “ I’m sure she would love to have her pussy licked by you.” She said and giggled even more. She bows over him, takes his dick in her mouth and sucks it with slow and lustful thrusts. “What a shame that I have to go now, but I think you will have fun at home.” She stood up and left his room, looked back and blew him an air kiss. After a while he puts on a pair of sweatpants and walks down to the kitchen. Grace was there and made some waffles. As he walks by, she turns around and stands right in front of him. “So.. did you sleep well honey? I hope you enjoyed yesterday and you are up for more?” His dick was instantly rock hard and his pants bulged out. Grace grabs his junk and smiles. “Yeah mom, I slept very well.. and.. as you can feel, I would love to go on.” He smiled and felt so naughty as he said it. She made him a plate of waffles and he ate fast, k

Deployment This is just for me to clear my mind and conscience . For two weeks we have been getting the trailer that we will be living in ready for occupation, it has been ten years so you can imagine what we found. The floors had to be replaced ,plumbing redone and the heat and ac were patched up as well as they could be. So my two boys and I moved from a four bed, two and a half bath house to a two bed one bath 40 year old mobile home, while my husband is off to Afghanistan for 10 months. The boys have been wonderful helping me get everything moved in and stored away. We have had to make a lot of sacrifices in the privacy dept. 1. To get my bed into the tiny bedroom the door had to be removed and we couldn’t put it back because my queen size bed is too big. 2. The boys have to share a bed because their room is smaller than mine and you can’t shut that door ether. 3. Our couch was too big for the living room so all we could fit was the love seat and one chair. 4. The a/c can’t keep up so it’s hot in the house. There is a shed in the back that the boys claimed to put their Bow flex and my elliptical trainer in , it has power so we put a TV and a fan in there. All I have to drive is my husband’s 4 wheel drive 4 door diesel, god I hate that truck. So today I went to town to get rat traps at the hardware store when I got in the truck it wouldn’t start so I got a ride home after I called my husband’s friend to fix the truck and give me a ride home . I got out at the mail box got the mail and walked to the trailer; I looked around for the boys and found them in the shed. They didn’t hear me walk up and when I looked in there were my twin boys having sex on the work out bench. I couldn’t move I just stood there and watched Gerard behind Gerald and doing him the thing that I noticed the most was Gerald was rock hard and really getting into it then it happened he came, he came a lot and never touched himself that broke my trance and I snuck back to the house and sat on the 

Adam and Kylie have been best friends since elementary in the fourth grade. Both 18 and born in October, they related to each other both liking football and family guy. Adam liked Kylie ever since middle school when he turned 13. She had nice firm tits with puffy nipples. He knows this from their sleepover when Kylie wasn't wearing a bra. she was skinny, but with hips that stretched wide. Adam was a horny guy, jacking off 3 times a day. All he can think about when he was jerking was Kylie sitting on his face and moaning. Adam couldn't take this anymore. He was a virgin, he was horny, and he wanted Kylie. Adam knew he had to do something. Approach Kylie somehow. He went home that night and formulated a plan. He was going to walk the one block that it takes to Kylie's house, and he was going to fuck her while she was sleeping. He walked to kylies house and opened the back door to her room. Kylie didnt move or show any sign of waking up. Adam slowly turned her over. Kylie snorted, but stayed sleeping. He stripped her pants off and stared at her thong for two minutes before moving again. He had the biggest fucking boner ever. He slowly moved her thong to the side and started lapping at her tight pussy like a dog. It was so tight you couldn't see the clit. It looked just like a lip. Kylie didn't move. She didn't feel Adam at all. Adam stopped. He couldn't take it. He jerked a few times and came all over kylies sleeping face. This time she woke up with a start. "What the fuck?" Kylie said to herself. Her eyes adjusted to the dark and saw Adam. "Adam?! What the fuck are you doing here? Did you just cum on my fucking face?" Kylie's parents were sleeping so Adam didn't know what to do. "Shhhhh." Adam said. "Let me explain." He didn't have time for small talk. " I loved you since I was a horny teen. All I ever wanted to do was fuck you." Kylie was still getting over the initial shock of Adam cumming on her face, and even being in her room in the first place. "Fuck you. You co

So if you haven’t read my previous stories, they basically detail my first time blowing and subsequently getting fucked by a tranny. After having been with her my sex life felt a little lackluster so I tried to spice it up myself. Anal was out of the question with my wife and even getting head was a mission. I fantasized often about sucking her dick, the texture and taste and the feeling of when she exploded in my mouth, I loved it so much I started trying to replicate it. I was blessed with good flexibility and one day alone at home I started trying to cum in my own mouth. I’d seen it on some forums and sites and knew if I walked my legs towards me on the bed I could angle my dick right towards my face, hopefully shooting some in my mouth. As I started I was able to get my dick fairly close to my mouth, and just close enough to have the tip of my tongue touch the tip of my dick. This turned me on so much I felt I even grew a little more, and proceeded to jack off directly into my mouth, once again swallowing that salty elixir of man cum. And although mine tasted different I still very much enjoyed it. This continued for a couple months and the more I did it the closer and closer my dick got to my mouth until I could easily slip the head into my mouth. Eventually I could take more to the point I didn’t have to jack off, I could just suck myself off. This quelled my thirst for a while till this eventful night. I had a holiday party with all the big wigs at work and amongst the drinks and other party favors, I got the sudden urge to call her up. I texted her asking if she was available without knowing if it was still her number and was delighted when she replied to my text saying yes. I made up a bullshit excuse at the party and ran out like a bat out of hell. I texted her asking where she was and smiled when she told me same place as always. In my heart I’d hoped she’d remembered me but figured she’d done this long enough to have regulars. I got there in record time 

The Entebbe International Airport in Kampala, the capital of Uganda, is not what you would call a customer friendly and inviting place. Uganda is known as one of the most violent and corrupt places on Earth, and the airport is no exception. Here, power lies in the hands of the military security control personnel and the customs officers. They use their might randomly for their own purposes, being it enrichment, pleasure or politics. Tanya became nervous, as she entered the airport approaching the customs control, which had to be passed before she could check in her luggage. She had been visiting the World Wildlife Foundation’s gorilla research camp in the Bwindi Forest National Park, and her entry into Uganda had been without any problems. Today, she sensed something had changed in the airport, the atmosphere was tense and heavily armed soldiers were everywhere. Tanya was married to Mr. Obutulezi, a successful African businessman. Success in Uganda means that you are well connected, pay off the right people and, thus, are allowed to smuggle and tax evade as you wish. You are under protection and so is your property, like real estate, goods, cars and wives. Unfortunately, playing poker in Las Vegas, Mr. Obutulezi was not aware of the most recent development within the Ugandan security forces, where a general had been killed by a terrorist attack (the official version), and replaced by another general with different tribal background. That event had changed the Obutulezi protection level from full to nil. Tanya knew nothing about politics, just that her passport and the name Obutulezi usually meant no problems. She was a strikingly beautiful woman in her late thirties, with a pretty face and voluptuous body. Men could nothing but admire her long legs, full bosom and very shapely bottom. Obeying her husband’s strict orders, Tanya followed her usual travel dress code; high heels and a short dress that clearly displayed the topography of her magnificent body and legs. He